President Trump just spoke for two hour and two minutes at CPAC. It was the longest speech I can remember him giving.
RT @ddale8: Trump is talking about Otto Warmbier. He calls his parents "incredible." He says he's in a "horrible position" because he has t…
For context, Bernie Sanders who started speaking around the same time as President Trump, ended his rally about 30 minutes ago.
It’s been more than 90 minutes and President Trump is still speaking at CPAC. https://t.co/3sMdJ4fpG2
RT @emarvelous: “In 2006, amid the real estate run-up, black families earning more than $200,000 annually were more likely on average to be…
“I’m going to regret this speech,” President Trump says, explaining that he should have waited to attacked Dems like Elizabeth Warren with terms like ‘Pocahontas’. “I don’t want to knock out the good ones and end up with someone who has talent.”
This CPAC speech by Pres Trump is incredible and all over the place. He’s mocked things like Jeff Sessions’ accent, made false claims about job numbers, claimed he didn’t leave the WH for months during shutdown, attacked Dave Weigel, and said Green New Deal is like a HS paper.
ICYMI: It is against the law in VA to refer to a female head of a governing body as anything other than chairman or mayor. And, five male lawmakers voted down a change that would have allowed use of terms “chairwoman” or “chairperson.” A story first reported by @nathanielcline https://t.co/UpTYra3bO1
No misinterpretation. 		Trump said of Kim Jong-un: "He tells me that he didn't know about it and I will take him at his word." 		Trump added that Kim "felt very badly. But he knew the case very well, but he knew it later." https://t.co/fqkvA5jtSZ
RT @GeoffRBennett: NEW: Spokesperson for Kushner attorney Abbe Lowell says the NYT reporting "if accurate" does not change that in 2018, "W…
RT @reportinglabs: We're kicking Women's History Month off by sharing one of our favorite female journalists, the late Gwen Ifill. She was…
RT @GeoffRBennett: New statement from Fred and Cindy Warmbier: "We have been respectful during this summit process. Now we must speak out.…
RT @mkraju: Cohen is coming back to HPSCI March 6
Now, where have I seen someone just that tactic before? https://t.co/oAEgLcWN1g
This is a huge story that we should all be watching. https://t.co/zQuqIDVYoR
RT @abbydphillip: How incredibly sad for Otto Warmbier’s family https://t.co/upAqYAd6Cr
It’s really worth watching this entire video. It’s a reminder of what birtherism looked like and how the president got his political start by questioning whether President Obama was born in the United States. It’s definitely worth pressing Mark Meadows to comment today. https://t.co/osb0ZmkI5w
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump took Vladimir Putin at his word on Russian election interference.		He took MBS at his word over the brutal murder o…
RT @NewsHour: "Over a period of time, I know we're going to have a fantastic success with respect to Chairman Kim and North Korea," Preside…
RT @NewsHour: “What I find insulting is that there is someone who is getting up there and being credible when he’s going to jail for lying…
My latest write up: Rep. Mark Meadows called up a black former Trump employee, Lynne Patton of HUD, to argue that Pres Trump is not a racist. Dems said Meadows’ act was racist and Patton was used a “prop.” Patton tells me her appearance wasn’t about race. https://t.co/aOTiEZhdin
My latest: Michael Cohen set out to dismantle the idea of Pres. Trump as a rich, successful businessman who ran for president to help America. Instead, he said he was a con and a racist. 		But the WH and allies of Trump want to pivot back to the image of him from the Apprentice. https://t.co/LV5mUTqF0g
Rep. Rashida Tlaib stressing that she was not calling Meadows a "racist" as Rep. Cummings explains that he and Meadows are very good friends and Meadows explains that he had family members of color.
BIG Fireworks as Rep. Rashida Tlaib, a Democrat from Michigan, accuses Rep. Mark Meadows of using Lynne Patton as a “prop.” Meadows is fired up and says that he brought Patton because she was a friend who wanted to challenge Cohen.
RT @Noahbierman: News: Cohen says he does not know if Trump was really under audit but says he could not get any paper from Trump to substa…
Lynne Patton told me she felt good standing up for Trump and said she’s known Michael Cohen a long time. She said of Trump: “The president sees success and failures. He doesn’t see color, sex race, creed, religion so that’s what makes things go uncomfortable for other people.” https://t.co/hAD3xcsCYp
NEW: I just interviewed Lynne Patton, the Black HUD official who stood next to Rep. Mark Meadows to say that President Trump is not racist. She told me: “To me, today was not about the color of my skin. Today was about two people who know the president equally and who disagree.” https://t.co/TJXfHhWXlI
Rep. Plaskett bringing fire to her questioning as she pushes back on Republicans' claims that Dems are wasting time and could be having a hearing on things like child separation: "It's a good thing Dems can walk and chew gum at the same time." 		Welp.
Rep Lawrence says as a black woman she found it "totally insulting" for Rep Mark Meadows to bring up Lynne Patton, a HUD official and a black close Trump family friend, as evidence that the president is not a racist.
Michael Cohen thinks Trump loyalists working in the WH may also end up in prison.		Q: Do you think people working at the WH might also end up being convicted and going to prison like you?		Cohen: "Sadly, if they follow if they follow blindly like I have, the answer is yes."
Here again, Michael Cohen accuses President Trump of engaging in criminal activity while serving as president of the United States. https://t.co/UfaodtnUSL
Another key moment that shows Michael Cohen accusing President Trump of engaging in criminal activity while in office.
RT @kasie: Gag order? What gag order? https://t.co/7PxhLbM3Lr
RT @GarrettHaake: Statement from @StormyDaniels on Cohen hearing today: https://t.co/bCiTCDCQhz
Cohen says Trump paid $15K to National Enquirer head David Pecker in hush money to kill story alleging that Trump fathered a child with a Trump hotel employee. 		Cohen also says Trump was worried if Pecker left National Enquirer that his secrets might be revealed by next head.
Rep. Higgins: I didn't know who you were until today and most Americans didn't know who you were until them		Higgins goes back to Repub talking point that Cohen wants to use his fame &amp; relationship w/ Trump to get book &amp; movie deals		"This is an attempt to injure our president."
Rep. Clay Higgins (R-Louisiana) says Cohen reminds him of people who get arrested, are humbled but then go back to doing misdeeds and criminal activity after they are released from prison.
RT @maggieNYT: Big - Cohen says Trump asked him to say that Trump wasn't knowledgable of Cohen's payments to Daniels. This was Feb 2018, wh…
Rep. Gibbs says Cohen testifying while Trump is in Vietnam is wrong: You come here and rail on Pres Trump while he is trying to make the world a safer place. I have been with the president and I see a president who is very sincere and who is trying to make America better.
WikiLeaks is refuting Michael Cohen's testimony. 		Cohen said: "Mr. Stone told Mr. Trump that he had just gotten off the phone with Julian Assange."		WikiLeaks says Julian Assange has never had a telephone call with Roger Stone. https://t.co/EQTUd9dCe4
Rep. Raskin (D) talking about Republicans: Our colleagues aren't upset that you lied to Congress for the president. Our colleagues are upset because you stopped lying to Congress for the President.
RT @ryanjreilly: A new sign on the House Republican side. https://t.co/rfJdzccYY9
A key moment in a hearing full of key moments. https://t.co/7DWgCV3sCN
RT @whca: #WHCA Statement on Hanoi summit coverage https://t.co/lbp7KlSVUe
Michael Cohen: The more people that follow Mr Trump as I did blindly the more people who will suffer the consequences that I am suffering.
Rep. Gosar (R-AZ) unloads on Michael Cohen: "This is all about you. This is all about your Twitter feed...There is no truth with you whatsoever...Liar, liar pants on fire...No one should ever listen to you and give you credibility. It's sad."
Rep. Jordan is fired up. "We are getting 30 mins from a guy who is going to prison."		Rep. Gosar (R-AZ) calls Cohen a "pathological liar."		Republicans' narrative remains that Cohen should not be believed and is a disgruntled employee who is mad he doesn't work at the WH.
In non-Cohen news, McCrae Dowless is being charged in connection with the voting fraud in North Carolina. https://t.co/cWxQxq5CRJ
What Lena said. 		Think about what Mark Meadows just did. He brought out a black woman who is loyal to President Trump to prove that President Trump is not racist. 		It was like show and tell. Incredible. https://t.co/xEGDw6Fys6
Mark Meadows now has Lynne Patton (from HUD) standing next to him: Lynne Patton says she would not work for a man who is racist. She disagrees with you.		Cohen stands by calling Trump a racist: Ask Lynne how many ppl who are black are executives in the Trump organization? Zero.
Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC): What was the president's concerns about Stormy Daniels going public?		Michael Cohen: After the Access Hollywood tape, Trump was concerned about how another scandal would hurt his campaign and how women would view his candidacy.
Republican Rep. Comer: "What would you call yourself?"		Michael Cohen: "A fool."		Comer: "No comment on that."		Wow.
.@RepMaloney ends her questioning of Michael Cohen by saying: "This is a story of redemption." 		That is quite a statement coming from a Democrat.
Rep. Mark Green (R-Tennessee) echoing President Trump's use of 'fake': "He is a fake witness and his presence here is a travesty."
Jim Jordan: "You wanted to work at the White House and you weren't brought to the dance."		Michael Cohen says he was offered a number of jobs at the WH but had reasons not to want to go there.		Jordan: Like James Comey, Andrew McCabe you are mad bc you didn't get job you wanted.
Trump ally, Rep Jim Jordan, is underscoring the Republicans main argument and message to Michael Cohen: "You have a history of lying over and over and over again."
Rep. Elijah Cummings was clear to Cohen: "We will not tolerate lying to this Congress by anybody.” 		He then made it crystal clear that President Trump was paying for hush money payments while POTUS, according to Cohen. It's a point Dems will make over and over again.
A zinger.		"I find it ironic that you are in Vietnam," says Michael Cohen of Trump just after saying that President Trump lied about having bone spurs in order to get out of serving in the Vietnam War.
Here's the letter Michael Cohen wrote to Fordham University warning them not to release President Trump's grades. https://t.co/m7FHyUP9RF
TWO checks President Trump wrote to Michael Cohen in order to pay him back for hush money payments. These have been submitted to Congress as exhibits for Cohen's testimony. https://t.co/NLmcnupaWc
Here is the wire Michael Cohen sent to Stormy Daniels for $131,000 to keep quiet about her alleged affair with President Trump. https://t.co/AFGrd12xMG
More Trump financial statements. https://t.co/TG7Se7Idm5
NEW: Here are the copies of financial statements for 2011 – 2013 that Trump gave to such institutions as Deutsche Bank that Michael Cohen is presenting to Congress. https://t.co/42WDaNMnm3
This tweet aged well. Fireworks from the very beginning. https://t.co/q7xxNDkNCt
As the hearing begins, my latest: See the check Michael Cohen will say Trump signed as reimbursement payment https://t.co/Vj0S1eKkj3
A Democratic House source tells me Dems expect an 8 to 9 hour hearing for Michael Cohen’s testimony and that they expect Republicans to try to slow down the hearing by making multiple objections and challenging the very premise of the hearing.
RT @kylegriffin1: Michael Cohen has just arrived on Capitol Hill ahead of his public testimony before Congress. Via Reuters https://t.co/ZF…
House source just confirmed to me that Michael Cohen will be displaying this check from President Trump. https://t.co/gCNP5rrAaT
RT @jacobsoboroff: Reminder on this busy day: as of 2/20 Trump administration says 76 kids separated during zero tolerance are *still* in i…
RT @EliStokols: While the WH punished reporters for asking Trump questions, Trump reveled in the attention of the print photographers allow…
RT @Fahrenthold: Here’s Trump’s tweet from 2013 about the portrait Michael Cohen will testify about today. https://t.co/D8RJiKwqSb
President Trump seemingly didn’t like getting questions about Michael Cohen while meeting with Kim Jong-un and now several American reporters are being excluded from covering part of the president’s meeting with a leader of a country with a tightly controlled media. Incredible. https://t.co/YyKx3bQ8IX
RT @JonLemire: Several print reporters, including the three wire services, were barred from the Trump-Kim dinner after @jeffmason1 and I ha…
RT @MikeDelMoro: UPDATE: Michael Cohen is expected to show a *2nd check* signed by Donald Trump Jr. and Trump Org. COO Weisselberg from Mar…
Meant to mention earlier, I’m on @Morning_Joe from 7-8. Tune in!
A reminder of docs Cohen is bringing: -a check by Trump from his account for reimbursement for hush payment to Stormy Daniels copies of financial statements for 2011–2013 given to such places like Deutsche Bank -letters to HS &amp; colleges not to release Trump’s SAT scores or grades
It’s been reported over and over again that President Trump didn’t expect to win but Michael Cohen goes a step further and says Trump was literally running as a commercial. “Mr. Trump would often say, this campaign was going to be the ‘greatest infomercial in political history.’”
Cohen will say: “Since taking office, he (Trump) has become the worst version of himself. He is capable of behaving kindly, but he is not kind. He is capable of committing acts of generosity, but he is not generous. He is capable of being loyal, but he is fundamentally disloyal.”
Cohen will also say of Trump: “While we were once driving through a struggling neighborhood in Chicago, he commented that only black people could live that way. And, he told me that black people would never vote for him because they were too stupid.”
ICYMI, Michael Cohen is set to say of President Trump: “He once asked me if I could name a country run by a black person that wasn’t a “shithole.” This was when Barack Obama was President of the United States.”
Also, if you haven’t already, you need to read all 20 pages of Michael Cohen’s opening statement to the House Oversight Committee: https://t.co/y4qUjYBtmw
President Trump shook his head when asked by @JonLemire if he has any reaction to Michael Cohen’s testimony.
It’s an incredible spilt screen to have Pres Trump meeting with Kim Jong-un and then have all of DC readying for Michael Cohen to testify. And it’s striking that moments before sitting down for this second historic meeting, Trump was tweeting about Cohen.  A bit distracted maybe?
President Trump just told Kim Jong-un that North Korea has incredible economic potential and that’s its an honor to be with him.
President Trump as he sits next to Kim Jong-un: “It’s an honor to be with Chairman Kim...I think the first summit was a great success and hopefully this one will be equal or greater.”
RT @maggieNYT: Cohen is going to say that STONE called Trump to describe a convo with Assange and that TRUMP implicitly - not explicitly -…
RT @davidgura: REMINDER: Kim Jong-un — "my friend" to President Trump — "ordered the execution of his uncle, the assassination of his half-…
Michael Cohen’s full, 20 pg opening statement via @politico. Cohen is expected to say Trump is a “racist,” “conman,” &amp; “cheat.”	“He was a presidential candidate who knew that Roger Stone was talking w/ Julian Assange about a WikiLeaks drop of DNC emails.” https://t.co/cCIprCDra8
Starting at 10 a.m., live tomorrow, watch Michael Cohen testifying before Congress online at @NewsHour: https://t.co/ONcD47qrar
Some Q's some Democrats are thinking of asking Cohen:	-What do you most regret doing for President Trump? 	-Where could can lawmakers find evidence to corroborate that you are telling the truth now?	-Trump says he didn't direct you to break any laws. Who should we believe?
The topics committee members are readying to question Michael Cohen on are laid out explicitly in the memo circulating among Democrats on the House Oversight Committee. https://t.co/U1b1C0gOwb
Memo steering House Oversight Dems away from Russia Qs to Cohen: "The Intelligence Committee’s closed session on Feb 28... will cover its investigation of Russia-related activities, any false statement made by Mr. Cohen to that Committee &amp; that Committee’s ongoing investigation."
RT @costareports: Giuliani: “We told him we’d only bother him if really urgent and we don’t see that happening. He knows Cohen is a liar.”…
RT @costareports: On eve of Cohen, called Giuliani. He’s been quiet in recent wks, but talkative tonight.		“There is not really a war room.…
NEW statement from Michael Cohen’s lawyer Lanny Davis: “We will not respond to Mr. Gaetz’s despicable lies and personal smears, except to say we trust that his colleagues in the House, both Republicans and Democrats, will repudiate his words and his conduct.” https://t.co/5guV068r5R
NEW: From a source close to Cohen:  “The Congressman’s comments are despicably false. ... No amount of threats against Mr. Cohen and his family or baseless smears can change them, no matter how much Rep. Gaetz wishes the facts away or hopes the American people will ignore them.” https://t.co/9nQHaOvJvf
Disturbing. Thousands of migrant youth allegedly suffered sexual abuse in U.S. custody. Allegations against staff members reported to the DOJ included everything from showing pornographic videos to minors to forcibly touching minors’ genitals.   https://t.co/HUCWoP1Yut
I’ll be on @MSNBC talking with @craigmelvin in a few minutes. Tune in!
RT @FoxReports: This morning House Oversight voted to subpoena HHS, DHS and DOJ to hand over documents related to family separation. It is…
RT @anitakumar01: House Democrats target Trump’s personal finances https://t.co/f3Qm50FaEm
RT @kylegriffin1: The Washington Post has announced the launch of the Jamal Khashoggi Fellowship, which will provide an independent platfor…
I'm on @mitchellreports at 12:35 p.m. Tune in! https://t.co/dOlFRqMF23
RT @ktumulty: “Trump gloats about the half dozen or so letters Kim has written him as if he were a smitten teenager in possession of valent…
Alva Johnson said Trump grabbed her hand and leaned in to kiss her on the lips as he exited an RV outside the rally in Tampa on Aug. 24, 2016.  She called “super-creepy and inappropriate.” Trump denies it happened. https://t.co/YF3fsQmD4V
RT @PhilipRucker: With Trump meeting Kim Jong Un just hours after Michael Cohen’s testimony, experts fear he’ll be so eager to divert media…
RT @Fahrenthold: Trump’s nominee is also his customer. Trump hotel docs show she was “high rate” guest w/20+ visits, hit Gold status in “Tr…
Per pool, Pres Trump was just asked if he had concerns about the Labor Secretary’s handling of the Jeffrey Epstein case. 		Trump stressed he is happy with the job Acosta has done in the cabinet. 		Then Trump described Robert Kraft's charges as “very sad.”
I'm at Middlebury College for the day to speak to students and talk about journalism so I've been away from Twitter for a bit.		What. A. Typical. Friday. 		-Trump talking in Oval	-National Emergency Briefing	-Planned Parenthood Funding	-Bob Kraft	-R. Kelly	-Waiting on Mueller
RT @kaitlancollins: According to pooler @HallieJackson, President Trump said he would 100 percent veto any effort to block his national eme…
RT @nathanielcline: A elementary school P.E. teacher in Virginia instructed students to pretend being runaway slaves and advance through an…
RT @nytimes: In 1955, 14-year-old Emmett Till walked into a Mississippi store to buy candy. After being accused of whistling at the white w…
RT @laurenpeikoff: Judge refuses to free Coast Guard officer accused of mass murder plot https://t.co/pCRcfWzjZu via @nbcnews
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: A Republican in North Carolina whose congressional campaign is facing an inquiry into fraud allegations has cal…
What a scene. https://t.co/FhQHw36mi1
RT @MeetThePress: NBC News: HUD toughens housing inspections to prevent landlords from 'gaming the system'		https://t.co/tFMpJrPpdX
RT @politico: Trump is leaning toward nominating former Michigan Senate candidate John James about the vacant United Nations ambassador pos…
RT @NYTNational: Only 8 states have laws that provide an explicit mechanism so that people suspected of having guns — in violation of prohi…
RT @AJGuglielmi: Felony criminal charges have been approved by @CookCountySAO against Jussie Smollett for Disorderly Conduct / Filing a Fal…
RT @yashar: Media people on his target list: @JoeNBC, @chrislhayes, @donlemon, @VanJones68, @ChrisCuomo,  @AriMelber 		Politicians include:…
RT @NewsHour: Congratulations to special correspondent @JaneFerguson5 — named recipient of this year's Foreign Television Reporting @PolkAw…
Blackface, KKK hoods and mock lynchings: Review of 900 yearbooks finds blatant racism https://t.co/fNJAwRkWu5 via @USATODAY
RT @SeamusHughes: A @gwupoe scoop: A LT in the US Coast Guard was arrested this week for drug and gun charges. It looked like a run of the…
I’ve reserved comment on the Jussie Smollett case to see where the facts led. Now, police have officially classified him as a suspect for filing a false police report. I hope we get answers about this case soon. And I hope others who suffer from attacks aren’t hurt by this case. https://t.co/y1VprKntIq
RT @abbydphillip: Justice Department preparing for Mueller report as early as next week https://t.co/OiCdRn5tpw
Trying to install a perceived loyalist atop a widening inquiry is a familiar tactic for Mr. Trump, who has been struggling to beat back the investigations that have consumed his presidency. https://t.co/h4MAWDx2Xa
RT @NYTMetro: There were 55 hate crimes reported in New York City this year as of Feb. 17, an increase of 72 percent over the same period l…
RT @MikeScarcella: NOW: Judge Amy Berman Jackson -- in Roger Stone case -- will hold hearing Feb 21 on whether to revoke conditions of rele…
Trump campaign statement on @BernieSanders: "Bernie Sanders has already won the debate in the Democrat primary, because every candidate is embracing his brand of socialism.“ https://t.co/7nM6e6GqEb
RT @alangomez: NEW: Third migrant dies in Border Patrol custody in as many months. Following the deaths of two Guatemalan children in Decem…
RT @MikeDelMoro: Per McCabe, no one (not Paul Ryan, not Mitch McConnell) objected when they were told the FBI was investigating the Preside…
Bernie Sanders as he launches 2020 campaign: “We have got to look at candidates, you know, not by the color of their skin, not by their sexual orientation or their gender and not by their age.” https://t.co/JOCxKsKACc
RT @nprpolitics: Bernie Sanders Enters 2020 Presidential Campaign, No Longer An Underdog https://t.co/cO3QAW3HV3
Long overdue. https://t.co/5CPwrp87GQ
RT @NewsHour: "There is no other work you can do in which someone could tell you 'you must go to work or stay home, but you're not going to…
RT @NewsHour: "The damages are manifold. The American public got hurt," said Max Stier of @RPublicService on the effects of the longest gov…
Everyone celebrated last week when another shutdown was averted. But there are many people still dealing with the impacts of the last shutdown. https://t.co/Di5jCFrv6e
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Trump delivers remarks on Venezuela in Miami. https://t.co/2nSz58dzsN
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: #periscope: President Trump delivers remarks on #Venezuela, endorses National Assembly President Juan Guaido as the co…
RT @NBCNews: Sixth grader arrested in Florida after refusal to participate in Pledge of Allegiance led to confrontation https://t.co/W1DjsP…
RT @nytimes: With 21 months until Election Day 2020, Republicans are trying to paint Democrats as left-wing radicals on the economy, aborti…
I fact checked some of President Trump’s remarks about his national emergency declaration. https://t.co/Zs5YpINGPx
President Trump took no questions on the lawn as he left the White House for weekend in Florida. https://t.co/uo1m0AJ30u
Exclusive: Sarah Sanders interviewed by Robert Mueller's office @CNNPolitics https://t.co/cRR3x31YAG
.@ACLU will be filing a lawsuit next week to stop President Trump’s national emergency declaration. ACLU president says “This is a patently illegal power grab that hurts American communities and flouts the checks and balances that are hallmarks of our democracy.“
The president declared a national emergency, signed a bill to avert the shutdown and will then leave for a weekend in Florida at 4 p.m.
NEW: Letter from President Trump to Speaker Nancy Pelosi: "I hereby report that I have exercised my authority to declare a national emergency in order to address the border security and humanitarian crisis that is threatening the United States." https://t.co/GHzSolFvHu
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) is suing President Trump over his national emergency declaration. https://t.co/pszPFysyTo
RT @dsamuelsohn: NEW: Here's a memo new Attorney General Bill Barr just sent to all DOJ employees as he returns to a job he also had 25 yea…
RT @MeetThePress: .@chucktodd explains the implications of the president's Rose Garden press conference on @MSNBC:		"It was already a very…
Also be clear, the president made several misleading statements including that govt data backs up his claims that drugs aren’t coming through ports of entry, that there is an invasion, and that human traffickers can never come through ports of entry. Govt datat shows the opposite
My Qs I didn’t get to ask: What do you say to ppl who think saying for wks that you’ll declare a national emergency before doing so is evidence that it’s not a real emergency? How do you reconcile saying Obama subverted constitution and then use him as a model for declaration?
President Trump says President Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize after 15 seconds and that Obama didn’t even know why he got the award. Trump then complained, “I will probably never get it.”
President Trump now says President Obama was close to going to war with North Korea and that Obama told him the biggest problem was North Korea.
President Trump: “On the Wall they skimped...I’ve already done a lot of wall for the election, 2020.” Note: No new wall has been constructed by the Trump administration yet.
Photo of Trump signing order. https://t.co/4EVHXVObWG
President Trump says the national emergency order has been signed and he’ll do final paper work today. “We will then be sued...End up in 9th circuit...Hopefully we will win the Supreme Court.”
President Trump is talking about the “incredible talent” in the front row of his remarks. There are a number of officers from U.S. Customs and Border Patrol looking on as well as Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen.
President Trump says he will use part of national emergency used by President Obama. “By signing the national emergency...We want to stop drugs from coming into our country. We want to stop criminals and gangs.”
President Trump is now admiring that some countries give the death penalty to drug dealers. “You can end a drug problem,” he says. Note: The First Step Act the president signed was about rethinking how harsh drug laws were in the past.
President Trump has had two women whose loved ones were killed by undocumented immigrants stand up and show photos of their late family members. Here’s one woman who just stood up to show a photo of her husband. https://t.co/fvkJr3FvxM
President Trump: “I’m going to be signing a national emergency and it’s been signed many times before..It’s rarely been a problem...no body cared.” He adds that other presidents’ national emergencies must have been “boring.” https://t.co/hxY6i5dG6b
President Trump: “Walls work.” He adds that people can’t take human trafficking victims through ports of entry.
Pres Trump: “We are going to confront the national security crisis on our southern border.” He adds that ppl are lying when they say drugs are mostly coming through the ports of entry. Note: His own government’s statistics show that most drugs are smuggled through the border.
President Trump now talking about summit with Kim Jong-UN. “I hope we have the same good luck as we had in the first summit.”
President Trump starts by talking about China and says the US is losing $375B regularly because of China. “I think they finally respect our country,” he adds saying that the trade issues have meant more money coming in from trade war with China.
I’m here in the Rose Garden at the WH and there aren’t any teleprompters set up for President Trump to use as was the case during his last Rose Garden statement.
White House officials say they aren’t worried about President Trump’s declaration setting a precedent because they believe the authority comes a 1976 law and that the president is acting within his rights.
WH officials say the president will be using NO money from disaster funding so states like Texas and places like Puerto Rico will not have hurricane money taken away from them.
Mick Mulvaney: President will declare a national emergency to use $8B to build border wall. Breakdown: $1.375B from deal, $600M from Dept of Treasury’s forfeiture fund, $2.5B from counter drug activities from at DOD, $3.6B from military construction. Goal: 234 miles
RT @NewsHour: "The president doesn't think that Republicans got enough out of this deal, and, as a result, he's going almost outside of his…
A White House official tells me no one should be surprised that Pres. Trump declared a national emergency because he has been saying it for weeks. WH lawyers think the president is on solid legal grounds and within his powers to do this and they have been readying for a fight.
WH confirms that Trump will sign the bill.		“The President is once again delivering on his promise to build the wall, protect the border, and secure our great country," Sarah Sanders mentioning the national emergency. https://t.co/j6EyG9Xxz4
Wow. https://t.co/MBq04Tt50a
Senator McConnell said on the floor that he spoke to the president and Trump  said he would sign the deal but that Trump will also declare an emergency.		Yet, the president has still said nothing. That shows the the level of Trump's frustration with this bill.
This is scary, if true.		Avenatti: New tape handed over in R. Kelly probe @CNN https://t.co/YuVkrX5c4n
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Senate confirmation vote on William Barr, President Trump’s pick for attorney general https://t.co/g1DV51cC07
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Amazon said it was canceling plans to build a corporate campus in New York City https://t.co/vv4FLow9ZQ
Happy Valentine's Day		My husband 👇🏾 is tweeting question marks in response to a man who gave his wife a $1 million lotto prize he won on a scratch card.		And I am laughing bc this husband says he gave his wife the lotto ticket early because they "got into a tiff about finances." https://t.co/qG70bicUc9
They did not want to relive that day. They did not want to argue about politics. They did not want to talk about the gunman’s pending trial for capital murder. This is what they wanted to do: mourn. https://t.co/z042LSSCPf
More than 200 teen reporters documented children, ages zero to 18, killed in shootings. The stories they collected go back to last Feb 14, the day of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High shooting. Since Parkland: 12 Months. 1,200 Kids Killed by Gun Violence. https://t.co/NAU2hKnlIr
RT @BarakRavid: BREAKING: Jared Kushner at Warsaw conference: We will present the U.S. Israeli-Palestinian peace plan after the April 9th e…
Here’s something that looks like real compromise: 75 new immigration judge teams to help reduce the backlog in immigration courts &amp; improve due process.	$527M of humanitarian assistance to Central American countries to address the root causes of people migrating to the U.S.
Trump will like: $564M for land port-of-entry drug &amp; contraband inspection equipment	$100M for border technology	$127M for aircraft &amp; marine 	$87M increase for Alternatives to Detention	$414M to address humanitarian concerns	$77M for countering opioids	600 new Customs officers
Another thing Trump will not like that a Dem aide notes: No FY19 or prior year funding may be used by physical barrier construction in:	o   Santa Ana Refuge	o   La Lomita Historical Park	o   Bentsen-Rio State Park	o   National Butterfly Center	o   Vista del Mar and points east
What’s really going to matter to Trump? The bill not only prohibits use of a concrete wall or it bans other Trump Wall prototypes. So Dems can say this is the same thing as before President Trump was elected.
ICYMI, the shutdown deal text is here:  https://t.co/6gCY8amFfK And a 13 page summary, for those who don’t want to read all 1,159 pages of the bill, is here: https://t.co/ZWnbbXXRue
@DanPorterfield @Georgetown @nytimes @USATODAY @NewsHour Thanks so much. So proud to know you and look forward to seeing you around town.
RT @NewsHour: "The president is not happy. He wanted $5.7 billion [to fund the border wall,] instead he got $1.37 billion," and now faces t…
RT @JudyWoodruff: "pretty confident" @SenJohnThune says of his expectation that Pres Trump will sign the border security agreement @NewsHou…
President Trump continues to say the wall is being built already. 		That is false.		Trump added: "We are going to have a great powerful wall...It will have technology. It will have drones."		He also said “We have options that most people don’t understand" on wall funding.
President Trump also said Democrats are being “stingy” with border funding. 		But he said, "I appreciate the work Republicans have done ... because they are going against a radical left."
Trump added, “I don’t want to see a shutdown. A shutdown would be a terrible thing." He says “points were made” during the shutdown last month but he doesn’t want to see another one.		He is waiting for the actual text of the legislation to make up his mind on signing the deal.
President Trump still hasn't decided whether he will sign the shutdown deal.		“We haven’t gotten it yet. We’ll be getting it and we’ll be looking for land mines.”
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: @realDonaldTrump has installed a room-sized "golf simulator" gaming system at the White House, which allows him to pl…
Conservative and liberals voices are both mad which means this deal might be a good compromise. 👇🏾 https://t.co/ISLYDKKrAO
My latest. There’s a congressional deal but the president is not quite on board yet and he could derail the entire bill. https://t.co/u2rPmUYB4M
"Pres Trump condemns all acts of violence against any individual or group of people - including ... the press. We ask that anyone attending an event do so in a peaceful and respectful manner. For Qs around security ... campaign events please contact the campaign,” S Sanders says
President Trump is still saying he would consider declaring a national emergency. “I’m considering everything,” he says after saying he doesn’t like what Democrats are offering.
President Trump says existing fences is “ugly” and that he wants to have painted steel at the border.  “We are taking from far less important areas,” he said. “We’re building in the face of tremendous opposition.”
When asked if he will sign the congressional deal, President Trump says he has to “study” the deal before he decides if he will sign it. He says we have to build a “big beautiful wall.”
President Trump also spoke of Rep. Omar’s comments on Israel: “I think she should either resign from congress or she should certainly resign from the House Foreign Affairs Committee.”		Trump added that her comments are “deep seeded in her heart” and called her apology “lame."
Pres. Trump on the potential of another shutdown: 		“I don’t think you’re going to see a shutdown. If you did have it it’s the Democrats fault...I would hope that there won’t be a shutdown...I am extremely unhappy with what the Democrats have given us.”
Trump also says, “I’m not happy about it. It’s not doing the trick.” 		He says he is “adding things to it.” So the deal terms could be changed by Trump?		“Am I happy? The answer is no, I’m not. I’m not happy.”
NEW: President Trump on shutdown deal: “I can’t say in happy. I can’t say I’m thrilled.”		He adds that he will build the wall anyway.
RT @seungminkim: Well, @RepTomGraves is a member of the conference committee so this is very interesting. https://t.co/aZqcU6U8fJ
And conservative voices in media? Sean Hannity called it a “garbage compromise” &amp; said, "1.3 billion? That’s not even a wall – barrier!“ Laura Ingraham called the deal “pathetic.” Lou Dobbs said this deal is an insult to the president.
One liberal immigration activist sent me this text last night, “Dems trying to act like the debate is concrete wall vs shiny wall made of cyber wires. The debate isn’t medieval wall vs 21st century wall. It’s giving Trump more $$ for his deportation force."
At one point, around day 25/30 of the last shutdown, the WH was floating the idea that they could be negotiable on the wall’s materials and many Dems balked at the idea that Trump thought compromise was changing the materials. But that’s exactly what this deal has come down to.
Even w/ Trump still waiting, this debate about what kind of materials will be used for wall/ fencing money in deal is exactly the argument Trump wants to be having. It’s an easy thing he can tell his base and be accurate on if he says I got the wall in steel instead of concrete.
President Trump still hasn’t come out in support of the shutdown deal and Sean Hannity spent part of last night trashing it. Buckle up, everyone.
"We are doing whatever we have to do," Trump says at his El Paso rally adding that no matter what the shutdown deal is he will build the wall.
WH aides are studying the deal now.		Democratic sources are saying there is no money for the wall.		But there is money for barriers and Trump could spin that as getting wall money.
A WH source says Pres Trump didn't know the details of the shutdown deal when he took the stage so it's unclear if he will learn about it while on stage or be briefed on the way back to DC.		The deal has $1.375 b for physical barriers and ICE detention beds are reduced by 17.4%.
RT @patrickhealynyt: Today we published a story about sexism, double standards and voter behavior regarding women running for office. Six w…
RT @NewsHour: The White House doesn't "want any sort of limit on the number of people that can be held both as interior arrests or as exter…
RT @maggieNYT: The suit gets at the heart of what the president has attempted to be simultaneously over the last two years - both a private…
"They want to allow criminals into our society...These are people that kidnap people. These are people the Democrats want to come into our society. I don’t think so," Trump says.
Pres Trump, while meeting with more than a dozen U.S. sheriffs, repeats again something that is clearly not true: "We’re actually building a big, big portion of the wall today."		There is no new wall being built, period. Anything that is being done is repairs on existing fencing.
Albence stressed that 72% of people in ICE custody are subject to mandatory detention based on the Immigration and Nationality act that Congress already passed. “This is a completely new provision that has never been in my 24 year career," he said of the cap proposed by Dems.
Deputy Director of ICE Matt Albence said suggested that the majority of people in custody were because they were subject of final deportation orders. He also said there are many convicted of violent crimes like domestic violence issues and assaults as well as drug crimes.
Deputy Director of ICE Matt Albence said President Trump's budget calls for 52K ICE detention beds which is a number that he came up with after consulting immigration experts. "We will immediately be forced to release criminal aliens that are currently sitting in our custody."
NEW: The WH just held a call with Deputy Director of ICE Matt Albence who said this on detention bed caps at heart of shutdown deal negotiations: “Putting any sort of artificial cap is damaging to public safety.” He said there are 20-22K  in custody from interior ICE arrests.
RT @HeidiNBC: Definition of "working poor."		.@SRuhle and @AliVelshi just talked to a Denver teacher who has been sleeping in her car.		She…
RT @GeoffRBennett: A law enforcement official tells @PeteWilliamsNBC the FBI is not looking into the two sexual assault allegations against…
.@GayleKing showing exactly how you interview someone. What an incredible moment. https://t.co/puhwsrESKK
The Trump campaign already has a statement out about Elizabeth Warren. “Elizabeth Warren has already been exposed as a fraud by the Native Americans she impersonated and disrespected to advance her professional career, and the people of Massachusetts she deceived to get elected.” https://t.co/NILe5BEmuh
I’m on @UPonMSNBC with @davidgura talking politics and staring at this awesome assortment of pastries. Tune in! https://t.co/Fde30qAv6s
RT @NewsHour: For years after retiring, Dingell remained active on Twitter, where he developed a loyal following for his cutting wit and pa…
RT @davidgura: 📺 Saturday on @UPonMSNBC: @NPR's @davidfolkenflik 🍩 @NBCNews's @alivitali 🍩 @DailyMail's @fran_chambers 🍩 @glennkirschner2 🍩…
I just called and confirmed with the PR firm. There is in fact a second woman accusing Justin Fairfax of sexual abuse. The press release is here: https://t.co/TqqfeV7qYy
Another woman is accusing Justin Fairfax of sexual assault. Meredith Watson says Fairfax raped her while they were students, according this tweet. https://t.co/6T0mKZprxG
Ralph Northam is tweeting. https://t.co/m4RADq9vJY
This Matthew Whitaker hearing has had so many fireworks.		After being pressed, Matthew Whitaker just said that a tremendous amount of drugs come from the ports of entry on the southern border.		That is what govt stats say as well and why many think a wall won't stop drugs.
RT @NBCNews: Bill Cosby moved to general population unit at a Pennsylvania prison. https://t.co/MeTmAx4hsg
RT @NickMiroff: It was more than a few housekeepers. We went to rural Costa Rica and found a town full of former Bedminster employees who w…
RT @abbydphillip: This is extraordinary https://t.co/B42nHvs8Hl
RT @mkraju: “Mr. Chairman, I see that your 5 minutes are up,” Whitaker says to Nadler, trying to cut him off. A witness never does that to…
RT @OnPointRadio: Live: Our reporters' roundtable on the week that was.		Virginia politics. State of the Union. Green New Deal. Louisiana a…
RT @NewsHour: "Can anybody here, on this panel, challenge this: The United States does not know how many children have been separated from…
Another day in blackface reporting: Virginia Sen. Tommy Norment was an editor for VMI yearbook filled with racist photos and slurs https://t.co/vKzRrvmr0O
Some history I’m thinking of today: In 1904, George Edwin Taylor, a black man and the son of an enslaved person, ran for president as the candidate of the National Negro Liberty Party, sometimes known as the National Liberty Party.		 https://t.co/8f90r5uYTj
Good local reporting in DC. https://t.co/Oi744LYDiw
RT @mattfleg: Beto O'Rourke, adrift maybe-presidential-candidate, was once Beto O'Rourke, adrift New Yorker. On the quarter-life search tha…
President Trump at the National Prayer Breakfast on abortion: "All children, born and unborn, are made in the holy image of god. ... Every life is sacred and every soul is a precious gift from heaven."
RT @kylegriffin1: Trump says that some of America's greatest accomplishments, including the "abolition of civil rights," have been led by p…
RT @jacobsoboroff: NEW: Latest number of still-separated kids from 2,816 taken during zero tolerance.		➡️ 6 "not eligible" to release	➡️ 87…
RT @NewsHour: In his #SOTU address last night, President Trump claimed that El Paso and San Diego are much safer because of new walls that…
RT @JudyWoodruff: squaring Pres Trump's #StateOfTheUnion address with policy realities: @Yamiche looks at immigration, Rx drugs, the econom…
RT @nathanielcline: JUST IN: Loudoun County NAACP says the group is not seeking a resignation from Att. Gen. Mark Herring. https://t.co/G2L…
Wow. https://t.co/jsQjBJ0v6f
A reminder. Blackface is racist. See below. https://t.co/hijix1xbb0
RT @MarcACaputo: "I suffered deep humiliation and shame" Vanessa Tyson, accuser of Virg LG @FairfaxJustin tells her side of what she says w…
The lead of my story on Virginia on Monday was “a state reeling.” How do you even describe what’s going on down there now? Incredible.
For all those wondering, the line of succession for Virginia Governor Ralph Northam is Governor Northam (Democrat)➡️ Lt. Gov. Fairfax (Democrat)➡️	AG Mark Herring (Democrat)➡️	House Speaker Kirk Cox (Republican)➡️The Republican controlled  House of Delegates elects a new governor
RT @NewsHour: @Yamiche New: Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring issued a statement Wednesday saying he wore brown makeup and a wig in 19…
RT @NewsHour: How President Trump has already changed immigration policy. @Josh_Barrage reports. https://t.co/ERh1EtQ80B
Check this out. 👇🏾 https://t.co/6FcMOrjlhS
On @Morning_Joe from 6-7 a.m. today. Tune in!
I’ll be on @MSNBC in a few minutes talking about the #SOTU19. Tune in!
RT @NewsHour: "The president here was, in some ways, still trying to have this tone of unification while, I still think, not compromising,"…
RT @costareports: If you're looking for a presidential pivot, recall that this tone and language on immigration is exactly what President T…
Abrams taking aim at Trump again: “So even as I am very disappointed by the President’s approach to our problems – I still don’t want him to fail. But we need him to tell the truth, and to respect his duties and the extraordinary diversity that defines America.”
Abrams on something many Dems have sounded the alarm about: “Let’s be clear: voter suppression is real. From making it harder to register and stay on the rolls to moving and closing polling places to rejecting lawful ballots, we can no longer ignore these threats to democracy.”
Abrams talking family separation and immigration: “We know bi-partisanship could craft a 21st century immigration plan, but this administration chooses to cage children and tear families apart ... America is made stronger by the presence of immigrants - not walls.”
Stacey Abrams making it clear Dems are against another shutdown: “So, when we had to negotiate criminal justice reform or transportation or foster care improvements, the leaders of our state didn’t shut down – we came together. And we kept our word.”
Check out this thread on HIV/AIDS 👇🏾 https://t.co/kWzetXNOqH
Big Trump goal: "My budget will ask Democrats and Republicans to make the needed commitment to eliminate the HIV epidemic ... within 10 years. Together, we will defeat AIDS in America."		Watch @WmBrangham's in-depth series for @NewsHour "The End of Aids?" https://t.co/XO9X9GT5ew
Moments where Trump has gotten big applause from both sides:		-Criminal Justice Reform	-Infrastructure bill	-Women getting jobs and serving in Congress	-Lowering healthcare costs
Trump: "No one has benefited more from our thriving economy than women...All Americans can be proud that we have more women in the workforce than ever...We also have more women serving in Congress than ever before." 		Big applause and true moment of unity among chants  of "USA."
Pres. Trump not giving up on the wall. "In the past, most of the people in this room voted for a wall. The proper wall never got built. I will get it built."		Meaning, we could be heading toward another shut down or the president declaring a national emergency. 		So we wait...
Alice Johnson stands and cries as the president says, "She served almost 22 years and had expected to be in prison for the remainder of her life....She is a terrific woman...Alice, thank you for reminding us that we always have the power to shape our own destiny."
Trump said: “We have created 5.3M new jobs and importantly added 600,000 new manufacturing jobs.”		Not True.  Trump cites the number from when he was elected, not when he took office. The number is 4.9M jobs created. Of those 436,000 are manufacturing jobs.		h/t @mattloff
President Trump says, "If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation. It just doesn't work that way!"		Reminder: The WH says this is about unity.
Pres Trump: "The state of our union is strong."		Nancy Pelosi shakes her head and remains sitting.		VP Mike Pence claps and Republicans chant "USA."		Translation: The state of our union is before our eyes. It's divided.
Trump says, "But we must reject the politics of revenge, resistance and retribution -- and embrace the boundless potential of cooperation, compromise and the common good."		Speaker Nancy Pelosi claps.		@AOC's face says, "Nah. I don't believe you."
RT @sarajust: Where will you be watching the #StateOfTheUnion ? Get the speech, response &amp;analysis with @JudyWoodruff @LisaDNews	@Yamiche @…
This will surely be challenged by Democrats and others when President Trump says, "Over the last two years, my administration has moved with urgency and historic speed to confront problems neglected by leaders of BOTH parties over many decades."
This is likely to get applause from both sides: "It is unacceptable that Americans pay vastly more than people in other countries for the exact same drugs, often made in the exact same place.  This is wrong, unfair, and together we can stop it."
With all the new women in Congress, I'll be watching the reaction of people in the chamber when the president highlights the role of women in America's economy. 		"All Americans can be proud that we have more women in the workforce than ever before," he is expected to say.
President Trump will make the case that his concerns should be American concerns: "The agenda I will lay out this evening is not a Republican Agenda or a Democrat Agenda.  It is the agenda of the American People."
Trump will also say: "It is unacceptable that Americans pay vastly more than people in other countries for the exact same drugs, often made in the exact same place.  This is wrong, unfair, and together we can stop it."
Key excerpt from Pres Trump's speech: "No issue better illustrates the divide between America’s WORKING CLASS and America’s POLITICAL CLASS than illegal immigration.  Wealthy politicians and donors push for open borders while living their lives behind walls and gates and guards."
Pres Trump is about to give a speech about unity but at a lunch w/ TV anchors today he said that Speaker Nancy Pelosi is nice to him in private but then says terrible things about him on camera. 		“Schumer,” Trump added, “can be a nasty son of a bitch.”		https://t.co/LHwgx07XLl
Abrams is also expected to say "In Georgia and around the country, people are striving for a middle class where a salary truly equals economic security...But instead, families’ hopes are being crushed by Republican leadership that ignores real life or just doesn’t understand it."
Stacey Abrams bringing fire.  An excerpt on fed workers: "Making their livelihoods a pawn for political games is a disgrace. The shutdown was a stunt engineered by the President of the U.S, one that defied every tenet of fairness and abandoned not just our ppl - but our values."
RT @NewsHour: "The president's going to focus on unifying our nation and unifying both political parties. But some, of course, say that the…
RT @GeoffRBennett: INBOX: Gov. Ralph Northam’s classmates from Eastern Virginia Medical School issue letter of support, saying they “do not…
RT @kaitlancollins: News —  President Trump and Jared Kushner met with contractors at the White House late last week to discuss building th…
Reminder: The White House says President Trump will be talking about unity and working on bipartisan legislation. https://t.co/aWwIBM3OEa
RT @NewsHour: Blackface minstrel series, one of the most popular forms of entertainment in the U.S. in the late 19th and early 20th centuri…
RT @NewsHour: Should people separate the policies of Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam from the racist photo on his medical school yearbook page?…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: The controversy around Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam's yearbook photo has sparked outrage and exposed the…
Tonight, I talk w/ @fivefifths and @NewBlackMan about the history of blackface, how Gov Northam’s situation compares to President Trump and Rep Steve King and the visceral reaction many have to seeing future doctors dressed in blackface and a KKK robe. Tune into the @NewsHour! https://t.co/h2eJoZBzjo
Fairfax on Northam not resigning: "I have no idea what the governor's thinking is on that front."
Justin Fairfax says sexual assault allegation is from "out of Mars" and that the claim has been "weaponized and used as a smear. "		"The Washington Post didn't believe her," Fairfax says. 		(Note: WaPo said it couldn't be corroborate the woman's claims .)
Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax and the woman told different versions of what happened in the hotel room with no one else present. The Washington Post could not find anyone who could corroborate either version.  https://t.co/j8si24K2lY
RT @frankthorp: VA Gov Northam holding his regular cabinet meeting now, his Spox says. Comes after a meeting with top staff and administrat…
RT @JamilSmith: The same conservative site that was the first to publish the racist Ralph Northam yearbook photo has now put up a very thin…
I’ll be on @Morning_Joe from 7-8 a.m. Tune in! https://t.co/rl3XBcJagB
President Trump commenting on Virginia Gov Ralph Northam 👇🏾 https://t.co/mXeClRwzRh
FUTURE DOCTORS. https://t.co/aCUinAxhkH
RT @nathanielcline: .@TheRevAl, after Gov. Northam’s presser and the governor deciding not to resign: “He did not resign and in the words o…
Soon after Northam press conference DNC Chair Tom Perez calls on Gov. Northam to resign.		“I spoke with Governor Northam this morning ... It's time for Ralph Northam to step aside and let Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax serve Virginians as their next Governor.”
.@TheRevAl sums up Virginia Gov. Northam’s press conference by saying: I didn’t do blackface here but I did do blackface there.
Northam says he learned that darkening his face to look like Michael Jackson was offensive because a person of color explained it.  “I have a lot of African American friends...I have learned a lot.” Note: It shouldn’t take a person of color explaining why blackface is racist.
“I hope everybody in Virginia will be patient with me...I want Virginia to have all the facts,” says Virginia Gov. Northam.
RT @nathanielcline: Northam on requests to resign by civil rights groups: “For them to know this was not me, not Ralph Northam, I hope they…
Virginia Gov. Northam says there are a number of photos of people in blackface in that medical school yearbook. That’s incredible.
RT @nathanielcline: Northam admitted he once darkened his face for a Michael Jackson costume at a separate dance contest in San Antonio, Te…
Q: Why did this surface now? Virginia Gov. Northam: “There was an agenda.”
Virginia Gov. Northam says Lieutenant GovernorJustin Fairfax has been “supportive” of him since the yearbook photo surfaced. Some more on Fairfax: https://t.co/xO7uoeJfmR
RT @nathanielcline: “I am not the person in the photo that caused this stir,” Northam said. The governor wanted to “set record straight.”
“I have made mistakes in the past,” says Virginia Gov. Northam. “This has been hurtful...I have prayed about this and I will continue to pray.”
RT @nathanielcline: Northam says he never posed in a KKK uniform.
Virginia Gov. Northam says “There is no way I have ever been in a KKK uniform.” But reminder, the governor has said he wore blackface in an attempt to look like Michael Jackson for a dance contest.
Virginia Gov. Northam says one of his nicknames was “coonman” and that he regrets that being used.
RT @nathanielcline: Northam said “I did not wear the racist costumes or attend the party where the yearbook photo was taken.” Yesterday was…
Virginia Gov. Northam: “I want to take this opportunity to apologize to the many people who have been hurt by this episode...I am ready to earn your forgiveness.”
VA Gov. Northam: “I intend to continue doing the business of Virginia.” To be clear, the governor is doubling down and saying he is not resigning and that even though he wore blackface once, it wasn’t the blackface in the yearbook photo. “I am ready for an honest conversation.”
“I have devoted my entire life...to making life better for all people no matter who they are,” says Virginia Gov. Northam. He adds that he’s not asking for forgiveness. “I am asking for the opportunity to earn your forgiveness.”
RT @nathanielcline: Gov. Northam (D) on the offensive photo said, “it was offensive, racist and despicable.”
Virginia Gov. Northam said he once “darkened” his face as part of a dance contest to look like Michael Jackson. So the governor is saying he did wear a form of blackface, just not the blackface in the yearbook picture.
“I recognize that many people will find this hard to believe,” says Virginia Gov. Northam of his explanation that he had never seen the yearbook and was not either of the people dressed in blackface or a KKK robe.
Virginia Gov. Northam: “It was offensive, racist and despicable...I was unaware of what was on my page...I believe then and now that I am not either of those people in that photo.”
RT @jacobsoboroff: BREAKING: In court filing last night HHS official said any effort by Trump administration to locate and reunite potentia…
Seriously, every time I see the picture from Ralph Northram’s medical school yearbook I cringe and almost scream. These are future doctors who could be in charge of taking care of black mothers delivering black babies or black men dealing with medical conditions. It’s terrifying.
An important read and a reminder that American has a long problematic history: European colonizers killed so many Native Americans that it changed the global climate	https://t.co/llXtpaPYKg
RT @davidenrich: Exclusive: During the 2016 campaign, @realDonaldTrump asked to borrow millions of dollars from @DeutscheBank. The loan req…
RT @seungminkim: I am so confused. Last night: “I am deeply sorry for the decision I made to appear as I did in this photo and for the hurt…
RT @jmartNYT: NEW: Northam told a  senior Virginia Democrat this morning that he never selected the photos for the yearbook and, in convers…
RT @nathanielcline: Gov. Ralph Northam (D) has called a 2:30 p.m. press conference in Richmond amid heightening calls for his resignation.…
RT @AaronBlake: Kellyanne Conway said Trump canceling the INF treaty shows he's willing to stand up to Putin.		But Putin has decried the tr…
RT @mirjordan: EXCLUSIVE: Undocumented workers at yet another Trump golf club lose their jobs as his company scrambles to contain the fallo…
RT @peterwallsten: Calls for his resignation came from the NAACP, the Republican Governors’ Association, the state’s Republican party and s…
RT @LisPower1: Twitter right now: 		Liberals: Overwhelmingly disavowing Northam (as they should)		Media: Reporting on Northam		Conservative…
ICYMI, Northam is hoping to hold on and released this video. https://t.co/C6FdQdBP01
RT @kylegriffin1: Second presidential candidate calls on Northam to resign. https://t.co/J1ax04pFvT
NAACP and President @DerrickNAACP calling for Virginia Governor Ralph Northam to resign. https://t.co/i3eVNIOZnX
Also, ICYMI, Virginia Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax, only the second African American elected to statewide office in Virginia, briefly bowed out of his duties in the state Senate recently in protest of a tribute to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. https://t.co/6brPMITa57 https://t.co/cTLFwZnQGb
Just to be clear, we still don’t know if Gov Northam is the man in blackface or the man in the KKK robe. What we do know is, it doesn’t really matter which racist outfit he wore but rather that he wore them one of them. Truly incredible and disturbing.
RT @MeetThePress: “We live in an age where we now all have collectively decided that blackface and KKK robes are unacceptable and if you di…
RT @MeetThePress: .@yamiche says it will be "very hard" for Gov. Ralph Northam (D-Va.) to politically survive the yearbook photo becoming p…
NEW: Governor Northam Statement on Offensive Photo. “I am deeply sorry for the decision I made to appear as I did in this photo and for the hurt that decision caused then and now.” https://t.co/aAXaIRolH9
I’ll be back on @MTP Daily in a few minutes. Tune in!
RT @peterbakernyt: It’s not clear if either of the men in the klan robe or blackface was actually Northam, but if so,  Virginia Republicans…
RT @MeetThePress: WATCH: Is Trump building a “perceived reality” for his base when it comes to the wall? #MTPDaily 		@yamiche: “It almost s…
Wow. 		Va. Gov. Northam’s medical school yearbook page shows men in blackface, KKK robe https://t.co/pDv8or9Mka
On #SOTU timing, the president's speech on Tuesday might be a bit shorter or close to the same time as last year's speech. 		Reminder: Last year, Trump's SOTU was an 1 hour and 20 minutes.		The longest SOTU was by Pres Bill Clinton in 2000. It was 1 hour and 29 minutes.
#SOTU A senior Trump administration official says the president will discuss the political situation in Venezuela as well trade issues with China but that person wouldn't say what other countries the president will discuss or whether he will discuss the INF treaty and Russia.
I also asked if President Trump plans to discuss racial divisions among Americans and the rise in hate crimes, a senior Trump administration official responded that the president plans to lay out an inspiring vision for "all Americans." That person wouldn't discuss other details.
I asked if the president plans to discuss the anxiety some American workers feel as we possibly head to another shutdown, a senior Trump administration official responded that Trump will be focusing on a unifying vision for America and working on bipartisan efforts.
Trump plans to discuss 5 top areas at SOTU: 1) Stopping illegal immigration 2) Protecting workers and trade deals including trade w/ China &amp; USMCA 3) Asking Congress to produce an infrastructure bill 4) Lowering healthcare costs 5) Ending foreign wars &amp; national security issues.
Pres Trump #SOTU excerpt: “Together we can break decades of political stalemate. We can bridge old divisions, heal old wounds, build new coalitions, forge new solutions and unlock the extraordinary promise of America’s future. The decision is ours to make.”
The president’s state of the union theme will be “Choosing greatness,” according to a senior Trump administration official.
President Trump on declaring a national emergency: “I think there’s a good chance we’ll have to do that.”
RT @Essence: .@JussieSmollett exclusively spoke to ESSENCE following the attack, assuring us that he's recovering and doing ok. 🙏🏾https://t…
RT @nytimes: In honor of Black History Month, we revisited 168 years of New York Times history to provide obituaries for remarkable black m…
RT @nhannahjones: Happy Black History Month, aka Actual American History Month.
RT @maggieNYT: NEWS: In an Oval Office intvw, POTUS tells @peterbakernyt and me that he's essentially done negotiating w Congress,denies di…
President Trump then suggested	 that reporters call Haspel and Coats: “They said it was Fake News.”	(Note: Both Haspel and Coats testified on camera and it’s indisputable that they have different views from the president.)
President Trump was asked 	 if he talked to intelligence officials(Gina Haspel and Dan Coats) about his displeasure w/ their testimony before Congress. He said, “I	 did and they said they were totally misquoted and taken out of context.”
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: The Senate, in a stinging bipartisan rebuke to President Trump, advanced a measure opposing his moves to withdr…
RT @donie: Of the 418 Russian accounts Twitter removed, the hashtags they used most:		#ReleaseTheMemo -- 38,000 times	#MAGA -- 38,000 times…
The family of @JussieSmollett is calling the racist and homophobic attack on him part of the “domestic terrorism” happening to people across the country. https://t.co/92Nz03FNnz
RT @CNNPolitics: President Trump once threatened to "spill the beans" on Ted Cruz's wife Heidi during the campaign. Now, he's interviewed h…
RT @jdawsey1: Asked about his tweet, Gorka told The Daily Beast to “go outside and lick a metal street lamp.” Thursday’s temperature in Was…
RT @nhannahjones: The presentation of this miscarriage of justice is phenomenal. 		https://t.co/OYHKOS6OOb
RT @Phil_Mattingly: More than 3,000 more US troops headed to southern border, via @rabrowne75 @barbarastarrcnn https://t.co/ibPs7qXwrj
RT @jacobsoboroff: CBP announces *massive* seizure of fentanyl at AZ border.		Guess where? Port of entry, not desert.		Guess who? Mexican n…
President Trump said he is waiting until Feb 15 to decide if he will declare a national emergency. But, @GarrettHaake points out that on Feb 8th the committee will come up with a plan and that's the date we should all circle.
President Trump says politicians are "wasting their time" if the bipartisan committee of lawmakers doesn't come up with wall money.
Trump says, "The wall is happening right now." 		Again, this is false. There might be fixes being made to existing fencing on the southern border but this is not true.
President Trump keeps saying, "The wall is getting built."		Fact check: This is false. No construction has begun on the wall President Trump promised. The president said he would be going to a "ground breaking" for the wall around the time of SOTU and that hasn't happened.
President Trump was asked if he felt closer to wall deal. 		His response: I would say we’re the same because Democrats don't want to fund wall.		He added: "If they're not going to give money for the wall...it’s not going to work."
RT @AprilDRyan: @realDonaldTrump responded to the alleged attack on @JussieSmollett saying "I can tell you that is horrible. It doesn't get…
35 days + 3 wks and no wall funding? 		Speaker Nancy Pelosi just said this on committee negotiations: "There will not be any wall money in the legislation."		If that is the case, then we are either heading for another shutdown or President Trump declaring a national emergency.
I interviewed @Fahrenthold for @NewsHour about his reporting on undocumented workers being hired and fired at Trump owned properties and gulf clubs. Check out our conversation here: https://t.co/cnIZmZZHLA
The men say they stopped eating to protest verbal abuse and threats of deportation from guards. They are also upset about lengthy lock ups while awaiting legal proceedings. https://t.co/Q0YwN1A6I4
RT @amyewalter: 4th poll i've seen (ABC, FOX, NBC/WSJ) that shows Dems leading and/or Trump trailing on Q of trust on border security. http…
Chicago PD just released photos of “people of interest” in connection with attack on #JussieSmollett 👇🏾 https://t.co/cviVyy6Yhj
RT @NewsHour: What happens when the president's hard-line stance on immigration clashes with his own financial interests? 		Recent reportin…
RT @MSNBC: Special Counsel Mueller's team alleges that discovery they shared with defense attorneys associated with "Putin's chef" appeared…
RT @MikeDelMoro: Update on #JussieSmollett case: https://t.co/uUfKYQKQRm
RT @ZekeJMiller: NEW YORK (AP) — The steady loss of local newspapers and journalists across the country contributes to the nation’s politic…
An undocumented worker who was fired from a Trump National Golf Club in N.J. will attend President Trump’s State of the Union address. Victorina Morales, who was born in Guatemala, will be a guest of Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman. https://t.co/haK2YTTd5X
RT @jacobsoboroff: Mitch McConnell just mocked the idea of a national Election Day holiday on the Senate floor. 		Our turnout sucks — some…
RT @MikeDelMoro: The NRA tried to distance itself from a 2015 Moscow trip this week, but it looks like ABC obtained emails and this photo o…
Trump Calls His Intelligence People ‘Naive’ https://t.co/w73aFR2cDx
NEW: President Trump spoke today with Venezuela's Juan Guaido to "congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and to reinforce President Trump’s strong support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy." https://t.co/c6OENfKp4d
RT @KenDilanianNBC: Senior intelligence officials have said that it's extremely difficult to convince Trump he is wrong about something, no…
RT @mitchellreports: A stunning moment today before congress... the nation's intel chiefs -- one after another -- publicly contradicting Pr…
RT @NewsHour: .@JudyWoodruff: "Are you, at this point, prepared to endorse President Trump?"		@SenatorCollins: "I'm really focused on my ow…
RT @JudyWoodruff: asked whether she's ready to endorse Pres Trump for re-election @SenatorCollins tells me "not at this time" and says she…
RT @palafo: Harley-Davidson Profit Is Wiped Out by President Trump’s Tariffs https://t.co/WmaW8e4bII
RT @kenvogel: NOW LOOKY HERE, YOUNG LADY: During the first meeting of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Republican @RepMarkMeado…
RT @AaronBlake: This is remarkable.		Q: "American voters trust Democrats in Congress more than President Trump on the issue of border secur…
RT @kaitlancollins: The apparent gap between Trump and his own intelligence agencies has been a persistent theme over the last 2 years, and…
RT @WRALLena: Nothing quite like the support of girlfriends. ❤️ @Yamiche, thank you! https://t.co/jYuky3p7Hc
RT @axios: JUST IN: Stacey Abrams will deliver the Democrats' response to Trump's State of the Union	https://t.co/PcWF8P9p0T
RT @rulajebreal: In love &amp; tangled up in Trump’s #MuslimBan.	2Yrs ago, POTUS banned citizens of 6Muslim-majority countries from entering th…
RT @tv_brendon: Statement from 20th Century Fox Television and Fox Entertainment: https://t.co/tlpw7saMul
RT @nytimes: Marijuana is officially against the law in Maryland but Baltimore’s top prosecutor, Marilyn Mosby, said that she would stop pr…
WRAL News analyzed data of nearly 100,000 teachers &amp; 1.4 million students in North Carolina's 115 public school systems: 11 districts had no Hispanic teachers last school year; 8 systems had no black teachers; 1 district had no teachers of color at all. 		https://t.co/W4CAfbi6Tz
By 2060, population projections from the U.S. Census Bureau show, public school students will be even more diverse than they are now, and researchers estimate the teacher diversity gap will persist for black students and worsen for Hispanic students. 		https://t.co/W4CAfbi6Tz
Researchers who analyzed teacher race in North Carolina and Tennessee say black students who had just one black teacher by third grade were 13 percent more likely to enroll in college. Those who had two were 32 percent more likely.		https://t.co/W4CAfbi6Tz
Nationally, 77% of public school teachers are women and 80% are white. 		In North Carolina, where students of color make up 52% of the traditional public school body, 80% of all public school teachers are women and 80% are white. 		https://t.co/W4CAfbi6Tz
A MUST watch: In light of all the diversity conversations we're having this week, here are two stories by my dear friend @WRALLena. 		She investigates the lack of diversity among teachers and how that impacts students and ultimately the world we live in. 		https://t.co/W4CAfbi6Tz
RT @ZekeJMiller: LAS VEGAS (AP) — FBI concludes investigation into Las Vegas mass shooting that left 58 dead without determining gunman's m…
When I pressed for more information about the beating of @JussieSmollett, an official with the Chicago PD told me detectives were talking to him and would have more information once they are done getting more details.
Here's what the Chicago Police sent me when I asked for more information.		I talked to a Chicago PD officials who wouldn't confirm that the suspects yelled "MAGA" and wouldn't confirm whether the suspects were white.		But it is clear they are looking at this as a hate crime. https://t.co/mIDgVOeTcV
I just got off the phone with the Chicago Police Department and an official there confirmed that the department is in fact looking into this beating. 		Incredibly sad.
Hoping for a full recovery for @JussieSmollett, who TMZ is reporting was brutally attacked by 2 men who beat him up, put his head in a noose &amp; screamed, "This is MAGA country." 		We have to do better as a country. This is disgusting.		https://t.co/cPTTuzo8ER
RT @NewsHour: "The president is looking at this [conference] committee as really a road to getting his border wall funding," @Yamiche tells…
RT @maggieNYT: Trump told the crowd at the Trump Hotel tonight fundraiser that he was trying to get Howard Schultz into the race with his t…
RT @cliffordlevy: NYT scoop:	An aide to Mayor de Blasio of NYC who was forced out over sexual harassment had been fired from a previous job…
RT @kaitlancollins: The White House's explanation for why the national security adviser had "5,000 troops to Colombia” written on his legal…
President Trump has officially accepted Speaker Nancy Pelosi's invite to deliver the State of the Union of Feb 5th. https://t.co/SlJTo7o4Wq
Speaker Pelosi invites President Trump to deliver the State of the Union on Feb 5th.
And that's a wrap for the first briefing of the year. I didn't get called on but at least we got almost an hour worth of questions answered.
Q: Is everything that Roger Stone is accused of a surprise to President Trump? 		Sarah Sanders: "The president did nothing wrong."
Sarah Sanders says she's not aware of anyone at the WH working with WikiLeaks but says media has some responsibility because of stories written about information released by WikiLeaks.
Sarah Sanders isn't ruling out another shutdown and says that people worried about the govt shutting down should call Democrats and urge them to negotiate. Buckle up, folks.
Sarah Sanders: "The president doesn't want to go through another shutdown...Ideally Democrats will take these next three weeks to negotiate."
Larry Kudlow says he doesn't agree with the CBO's assessment that the shutdown cost the American economy billions of dollars.
Larry Kudlow: "The state of the economy looks great very strong and I don't think that has been disrupted."
Larry Kudlow: "The hardships for individuals was always key...There is no permanent damage to the economy" from the shutdown.
Steve Mnuchin says he expects "very modest impact" on U.S. refineries in regards to the new sanctions on Venezuelan oil.
Q: What's at stake for the United States in Venezuela?		Bolton: “We think stability and democracy in Venezuela” are in the best interests of U.S.
Bolton says all options continue to be on the table in regards to Venezuela.
Amb John Bolton just announced U.S. sanctions against state owned oil company in Venezuela.
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: @WhiteHouse will hold its first briefing of the year https://t.co/GXO8qkgkml
RT @jonathanvswan: These actions are imminent, will come via executive order, per source briefed. Treasury will sanction Venezuela’s state-…
RT @abbydphillip: Vox has the details of Border Patrol hunting for information that might back up Trump's claim that women are being taped…
@abbydphillip Thanks so much Abby! Hope you got some well deserved rest.
We have our first WH briefing of 2019 folks at 3 p.m. today.		The last one was December 18, 2018.
RT @JonLemire: WASHINGTON (AP) — Congressional report predicts budget deficit to spike to $897 billion this year, economic growth to slow t…
I’m on @HallieJackson from 10-11 this morning. Tune in!
I’m on @Morning_Joe from 7 to 8 am. Tune in!
RT @maggieNYT: Another Side of #MeToo: Male Managers Fearful of Mentoring Women - The New York Times https://t.co/P3N1zbJT6I
This is President Trump turning on Fox News. As I said Friday, it was a tough weekend of coverage for him to watch.👇🏾 https://t.co/zz5MQcConZ
RT @peterbakernyt: Lunch in February 2017		Trump: "This Russia thing is all over now, because I fired Flynn.” 		Christie laughs.		Trump ask…
Thanks to everyone who sent me notes publicly &amp; privately about my comments on Meet The Press today. I always appreciate being on the show and today was another opportunity to tell America about my reporting across the country &amp; experiences growing up in the diversity of Miami.
.@RepJeffries tells @chucktodd that he doesn’t regret calling @realDonaldTrump the grand wizard and describes it as “colorful language.” He adds that he can work with Republicans.
.@RepJeffries and @GOPLeader both sound like they would support a bill that congressional members don’t get paid during shutdowns.
.@chucktodd asked @GOPLeader what did Trump accomplish in 35 days? Why didn’t Repubs get the wall done when they had control? @GOPLeader said status quo isn’t something to celebrate. He also claimed the wall is being built now. (Fact check: The wall is not under construction.)
.@GOPLeader to @chucktodd: “The president is the only one who has been reasonable...It was the president who offered four different plans...He did not shut down the government...There is probably blame on both sides.”
Joining @MeetThePress this morning. Tune in! https://t.co/y93SMNmxtX
NEW: A federal worker tells me they’ll get back pay on January 31.
RT @washingtonweek: WATCH: "I think it’s really important to walk people through what the president did as he said that he was not going to…
RT @CarlosLozadaWP: “Over and over again, when I watch people get indicted, I’m almost taken aback by how much they didn’t try to hide what…
RT @NABJSTUDENTS: Apply to be apart of the 30th NABJ Student Multimedia Project, which takes place at our annual convention. The deadline i…
RT @ForTheWin: The Warriors and Barack Obama meeting sends message, even if it wasn't intended https://t.co/uLdLahG02N https://t.co/wdmfvYc…
RT @RussVought45: The Government is now open.		→ https://t.co/fd6yjM5MjO https://t.co/LfwiZQR3Xw
And now it’s official, the president has signed the bill reopening the government. This will be a tough weekend of coverage for him to watch. https://t.co/4zQpw6vpRD
RT @kylegriffin1: The cover of tomorrow's @NYDailyNews. https://t.co/n9Q2eieozf
Seriously, a sad day for the Newseum. https://t.co/HLB2KhgEI0
RT @daveweigel: "He’s not going to sign a bill that doesn’t have money for the wall... if he gives in now, that’s the end of 2019 in terms…
RT @NewsHour: "For 35 days, [the president said], I'm not going to open up the government without wall funding," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodru…
Needs to be stressed that WH is saying rank &amp; file Dems who have said they will give Pres Trump wall funding need to be held accountable if they don’t give it. BUT, WH won’t say who those Dems are and Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, the Dems that matter most, say no wall funding.
Hispanic pastor to President Trump at WH roundtable: “The Hispanic community and America says, ‘Thank you.’”
Speaker Nancy Pelosi:   “Have I not been clear on the wall? I have been very clear on the wall.” Translation: On or after Feb 15, it’s highly likely we will be back where we were yesterday and President Trump will have to decide whether he wants to declare a national emergency.
A man who says he is a pastor from Texas thanked the president for not “manufacturing” a crisis. So on the day that the president relented on terms Democrats wanted, he is also surrounding himself with Hispanic pastors praising him for his leadership on border issues.
President Trump in meeting with Hispanic pastors says they more than others understand the issues at the border.  “Its an emergency...We are going to take care of our border.” But, Trump didn’t explain why he decided to open the government without getting border wall funding.
Today is a great day to have a WH briefing. The government literally shutdown, 35 days went by, hundreds of thousands of people suffered, and the government is about to reopen without a single WH briefing.
White House press pool just got called in. Trump was supposed to be meeting with Hispanic pastors at 2:45. If Trump takes Qs, he will be making a point to take questions from a much smaller group of reporters than the larger group of reporters who were in the Rose Garden.
The WH official also said Trump couldn’t be more serious about border security and said that if those rank and file Dems who have indicated that they would give Trump border wall funding don’t give it to him, he’ll declare a national emergency.
RT @abbydphillip: Let's not forget this. Untold numbers of people will never recover 4 weeks of lost pay. https://t.co/QJ6xhmqyMe
One WH official just told me Speaker Nancy Pelosi “has done nothing” to help reopen the government. Yet, Democrats would say Pelosi not giving an inch on border wall funding is how Dems got the president to open the government without wall funding.
The WH official was asked whether the State of the Union could happen on Tuesday as it was previously planned, that person said anything is possible. So that may be back on the table for next week.
A WH officials also says federal workers will get backpay in 4 to 5 days though it’s not clear if those are business days or calendar days.
A WH official says that President Trump is “happy” with the deal and decided to open the government because a number of rank and file Democrats indicated that they would be willing to give Trump wall funding. That person refused to name who those Dems are though.
This was such a key moment: “We do not need 2,000 miles of wall from sea to shining sea. We never did,” Trump said.
Just tried to ask a WH official why the president decided to make this deal without wall funding, that person wouldn’t answer and would only say “You just heard a speech.”
My Qs for President Trump: Was it that polling showed that Trump and Repubs were being blamed for shutdown? Was it the second missed paycheck for federal workers? Was it the airport issues? Was it that Speaker Pelosi seemed “reasonable” as you said yesterday? What made you cave?
President Trump says he will use presidential power to get wall funding, alluding to declaring a national emergency. But he didn’t take questions and there are so so many, like why did you cave without wall funding Mr. President?
In one week, Speaker Nancy Pelosi has both pressured President Trump to postpone his State of the Union on her terms and reopen the government on her terms. Yet, President Trump calls himself the deal maker. Remarkable week in DC.
President Trump is casting this short term deal as a compromise but it doesn’t have the one thing he promised over and over again that he would get: Wall funding. Just yesterday, Trump said he would not cave.
35 days for no wall funding.
Democrats will say, Nancy wins again. After 35 days of saying he had no choice but to insist that he receive funding for a wall on the southern border, President Trump is reopening the government on the terms laid out by Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer.
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: President Donald Trump to address government shutdown in statement at the White House. https://t.co/bivC…
“All Americans I thank you,” Trump says of those impacted by the shutdown. “I will make sure all employees receive their back pay very quickly.”
President Trump: “We have reached a deal to end the shutdown.” He adds he has a powerful alternative but doesn’t want to use it “at this time.” https://t.co/6b1GcJimfT
If sources are right, this is a major change from President Trump who for 35 days has said the government would remain shut until he got wall funding. But, there’s always his ability to declare a national emergency.
The deal from Hill sources: https://t.co/waMfIsNfBv
Here at The White House waiting on President Trump. https://t.co/XzyfMXGOQ9
RT @NewsHour: We will be streaming the president's remarks, scheduled for 1:30 p.m. EST, live on #Periscope. 		Follow @Yamiche, who is repo…
RT @PressSec: The President will make remarks regarding the shutdown in the Rose Garden today at 1:30pm. This will be an open press event.
RT @brianstelter: Millions of people are being sold cheap lies about journalism today, and millions are being told the truth. The differenc…
Here at the White House officials have set up a teleprompter in the Rose Garden. WH officials haven’t officially confirmed this but the expectation is that the president will likely be announcing some sort of short term shutdown deal.
More on how  crime and justice producer David Shortell got that Stone raid video: https://t.co/CwfZd5PIeb
J. David Cox Sr., president of American Federation of Government Employees union: "TSA has long relied on mandatory overtime...But being forced to work without pay has transformed the situation to one where the safety and security of the flying public is now at risk."
The president is asking, who alerted CNN to be there? 		Journalists don't have to be alerted. It was expected for weeks that Roger Stone would indicted.		It's called a stakeout and a reporter doing their job. https://t.co/bgZ7MpM7n4
RT @GeoffRBennett: NEW: Statement from Jay Sekulow, counsel to President Trump: "The indictment today does not allege Russian collusion by…
Wow. https://t.co/ke5P55A8xZ
RT @abbydphillip: Trish Gilbert, the Executive VP of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association: "This is reckless, what has been goi…
RT @costareports: Giuliani on phone with @washingtonpost... asked if he's spoken to POTUS. Giuliani has. Won't describe president's reactio…
RT @yashar: "FBI! Open the door!" 		Here is the footage that @DelarosaGilAJAM filmed of the FBI's pre-dawn raid at Roger Stone's home in Fl…
The big question now is who are these “senior” and “high-ranking” Trump campaign officials who were inquiring about WikiLeaks dumps? And who directed them to check for more dumps by WikiLeaks?
This indictment argues Trump campaign hoped for WikiLeaks dumps. “A senior Trump Campaign official was directed to contact STONE about any additional releases and what other damaging information Organization 1 had regarding the Clinton Campaign.“
If you haven’t already, read the entire Roger Stone indictment: https://t.co/GCyTSXeU5Y
RT @kaitlancollins: "On or about October 7, 2016, Organization 1 released the first set of emails stolen from the Clinton Campaign chairman…
RT @kylegriffin1: Air traffic controllers "are making mistakes that they hadn’t made in the 10, 15, 20 years .... They’re making them becau…
RT @jimsciutto: This line should concern Trump: “A senior Trump Campaign official was directed to contact STONE about..what other damaging…
RT @costareports: From November: "Trump’s night-owl calls to Roger Stone in 2016 draw scrutiny in Mueller probe" https://t.co/47I5LzDW2m
RT @stevenportnoy: MUELLER HAS TEXT MESSAGES AND EMAILS...		FROM THE INDICTMENT:		“On or about October 1, 2016, which was a Saturday, Perso…
My latest: The president wants some gesture that he will ultimately get his way and get money for a border wall. He called Nancy Pelosi “reasonable.” And, he suggested federal workers might be able to get IOUs from grocery stores. https://t.co/UCk0SeLJAH
President Trump said perhaps Secretary Wilbur Ross should have spoken differently about federal workers. But then, Trump added "the grocery store, they'll work along." Perhaps the president thinks federal workers will be allowed to run up tabs or IOUs for food?
President Trump says it would have been "disrespectful" to hold the State of the Union at another venue and that he found Speaker Nancy Pelosi's stance that he should hold the SOTU at the House when the government is back open "reasonable."
President Trump says drones surveying border isn't enough because people are "pouring in." "We can all play games and we can all talk about technology...We need the wall...Any technology works with the wall...They fasten the technology to the wall."
RT @ryanstruyk: Exclusive: White House preparing draft national emergency order and identified $7 billion for wall via @CNN https://t.co/YX…
President Trump says he hasn't talked to Speaker Pelosi so far. 		He also said Wilbur Ross should have phrased his comments about federal workers "differently."
Pres Trump: "We have alternatives...This is a virtual invasion of our country...The military...and the border patrol...want this to happen...The only thing that works is a strong barrier."
Trump said any deal has to include wall money. "We have to have a wall in this situation.” Message to govt workers : “I love them. I respect them I really appreciate the great job they’re doing. Many of those ppl that are not getting paid are totally in favor of what we’re doing"
President Trump just now: “One of the ideas suggested is they open, they pay some sort of pro-rated down payment on the wall which you need..I just really want to thank the republicans for holding."
RT @jeneps: Trump tells reporters he wants a "prorated down payment" on the wall in a three-week CR. via @justinsink
RT @mkraju: Lindsey Graham said he just spoke with Trump, told him they are talking about a three-week CR to open government.		He said Trum…
Senate Democrats' plan to end shutdown also FAILS, 52-44.
President Trump's shutdown proposal has officially FAILED in the Senate, 51-47.
Michael Ertel, the newly appointed Secretary of State of Gov. Ron DeSantis, has resigned after photos emerged of him posing as a Hurricane Katrina victim in blackface at a Halloween party 14 years ago. https://t.co/uiFgGHGrD4 via @tdonline
RT @nytopinion: In his debut as a @nytopinion columnist, @jbouie writes that Donald	Trump's wall is a symbol of exclusion https://t.co/7gkh…
RT @abbydphillip: Some justice for this family, but nothing can erase the horror of this story. https://t.co/TUe0G4dceg
Kudlow also said, “Nobody including myself likes the hardship caused, the temporary hardship caused by the government shutdown. Nobody, I have young people on my staff."		He added: "I’ve become a fan of the millennials,” referring to employees still showing up to work unpaid.
Larry Kudlow, the director of the National Economic Council, just repeatedly referred to the government shutdown as a “glitch” and predicted the “nanosecond” the government reopens, the economic hardship will be fixed.		A glitch.
RT @meridithmcgraw: .@Sen_JoeManchin says he is "leaning...pretty hard" towards voting on Republican proposal today. “I’m going to do every…
RT @BrentNYT: @MichelleDuster @QuitaQuita41 @JulieScelfo @deadlinedd @KWestSavali @nhannahjones @LWV @BlkPerspectives @ProfessorCrunk @rgay…
RT @amyewalter: Losing the battle AND the war. Fox News poll finds Trump at -10 on the issue of 'border security.' This follows Quinnipiac…
Incredible. https://t.co/7tYm61rU8j
Congrats! https://t.co/MVUZwyH9wQ
I’ll be on @MSNBC speaking with @HallieJackson in a few minutes. Tune in!
Nancy wins this round. WH officials repeatedly said Trump was looking at venues outside of DC for the SOTU. Sarah Sanders said on Fox News today that Trump had a plan B. Now, the president says there is no plan B and that he will have to give the SOTU on Speaker Pelosi’s terms. https://t.co/mIuUN3H9Fb
POSTPONED: President Trump now says he will do the State of the Union address when the shutdown is over. https://t.co/GZZBPw9y7j
RT @Acosta: An exchange between my colleague @abbydphillip and WH counselor Kellyanne Conway on whether to it’s okay to call the president’…
RT @PhilipRucker: The @maddow show has been a must-stop for Democratic 2020 hopefuls. Tonight’s guest was @KamalaHarris, and Rachel ended b…
RT @annafifield: Kim Jong Un "expressed great satisfaction" with the “good personal letter” he received from Donald Trump. Also, another sh…
RT @NewsHour: "The president is facing pressure from his own conservative base" over the government shutdown, @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruff.…
President Trump and WH officials are still trying to figure out what to do now that Trump won't be doing his SOTU address from the House. 		Trump is also trying to figure out what Nancy Pelosi's nickname will be because as of now he's only come up with saying "Nancy."
On day 33 of shutdown, Pres Trump spoke at length about how well the U.S. economy is doing and said that more people are working now than ever before. Reminder: Some 800,000 federal workers are being asked to work without pay and thousands of govt contractors won't get backpay.
President Trump said Democrats led by Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Schumer are a "very dangerous party for this country." "We are not going to allow the radical left to control our country," he said.
President Trump says Senator Schumer is a "puppet" for Speaker Pelosi and that he is being "dominated" by Pelosi.
RT @ToluseO: Trump just spoke at a meeting of conservatives in the Cabinet Room. He:		-lamented over cancellation of SOTU by "Nancy Pelosi,…
RT @jeneps: Trump seems to have given up on doing the SOTU in the Capitol, telling reporters "we'll do something in the alternative" and th…
President Trump: “The State of the Union has been cancelled by Nancy Pelosi because she doesn’t want to hear the truth.”
President Trump on Pelosi: “She’s afraid of the super-left Democrats, the radical Democrats. What’s going on in that party is shocking...Nancy Pelosi, or Nancy as I call her, she doesn’t want to know the truth... I think that’s a great blotch on the great country we all love.”
President Trump is now Speaker Pelosi doesn't want him to deliver the SOTU because she is afraid of the truth.
Some options now before President Trump for State of the Union address: 1) Show up to the House without cameras or authority to go to podium 2) Go fo the Senate (which can’t fit everyone) 3) Speak from the Oval Office (FDR did that once) 4) Do a speech from outside of DC
NEW: Just ran into VP Pence at the WH and I asked him what he thought of Pelosi calling off the SOTU. Pence said of President Trump, “He has a constitutional duty to report on the state of the union.”
Seeing a lot of progressives cheering on Speaker Pelosi’s move to call off State of the Union in the House until the government is back open. While Pelosi had some pushback becoming Speaker, Democrats seem quite pleased with the muscle and bluntness she is bringing to the job.
President Trump after being told that Nancy Pelosi rejected his state of the union address letter: "I'm not surprised. It's really a shame what's happening with the Democrats. They've become radicalized."
I just asked a senior WH official what happens now that Pelosi says Trump can’t come to the House for SOTU. The official said “Stay tuned.”
RT @KellyO: BREAKING:  @SpeakerPelosi to decline steps to permit a State of the Union Jan 29 https://t.co/ZDbKGjduNT
RT @mj_lee: Reminder that Michael Cohen has to report to prison on March 6th. Postponing the Feb 7th testimony means he has less than 4 wee…
RT @abbydphillip: Michael Cohen is postponing his testimony in the House, citing "threats" from President Trump against his family.
I just asked Kellyanne Conway when the last time President Trump and Speaker Pelosi spoke. Her response: Pelosi is welcome to come to the WH today.
In my inbox from Speaker Pelosi's office just now, an email with the subject line: "The Message to Trump is Clear: Open Up Government"
Rep. Jimmy Panetta (D-CA) says to @mitchellreports: "You can't out trump Trump." He adds that if the government is still shutdown, he doesn't expect that President Trump will deliver the State of the Union from the House chamber.
RT @MikeDelMoro: A White House official tells NBC News President Trump is expected to recognize Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaidó as…
Important to note, Speaker Pelosi and President Trump haven't talked in more than a week so these letters and the president's tweets are the only communications between the two. The ball is now in Pelosi's court and the bad blood is at a fever pitch.
President Trump is calling Speaker Pelosi's bluff with this letter. Not surprising, since all day yesterday WH officials said Trump was planning for the SOTU and had addressed the security concerns. https://t.co/NQiDd3zmvu
RT @wttw: Government shutdown: @Yamiche brings us the latest from Washington and Thursday's vote on dueling bills to reopen the government…
RT @mkraju: NEW: Elijah Cummings announces "in-depth investigation" of the WH and Trump transition team security clearance processes, citin…
RT @LisaDNews: BIGGEST NEWS TODAY - new poss Dem offer: H Homeland Sec Chair Thompson told  us he and @SpeakerPelosi, others are working on…
RT @LisaDNews: NOW - SOTU NEWS.  Dem Caucus Chair Jeffries: “Unless government is reopened, it is highly unlikely the State of the Union wi…
RT @GlennKesslerWP: New #FactChecker --&gt; President Trump spins asylum restrictions as humanitarian relief https://t.co/j2ln9VEXO9
RT @peterbakernyt: As the partial government shutdown enters its 33rd day, the rest of Trump's agenda has been sidelined and his presidency…
RT @nytimes: A seemingly offhand remark in a high school lunchroom set off an investigation that uncovered an arsenal of weapons and a plot…
RT @kylegriffin1: Trump's approval rating has dropped to 36% in a new CBS poll. 59% disapprove.		71% of Americans say the wall is not worth…
RT @JonLemire: “Some of Trump’s allies have suggested that Giuliani be barred from evening interviews because of concerns that he was going…
RT @maggieNYT: Having lost DACA as a bargaining chip thanks to SCOTUS, White House is now considering offering DACA recipients green cards.…
RT @jbouie: one of my favorite observations from ta-nehisi is this, written in the context of obama but very applicable in the present mome…
RT @JonLemire: NEW: Trump and some of his most influential advisors grow agitated at Giuliani’s scatteshot media blitz - and consider at le…
RT @maggieNYT: Trump is definitely frustrated with Giuliani but Giuliani isn’t going anywhere. Overall Trump likes what he does.  https://t…
A gay student who was barred by the Covington diocese from speaking at his 2018 graduation, is "not surprised" by the Covington Catholic High School video.  https://t.co/MWQp1jPfdK via @nbcnews
RT @abbydphillip: Sarah Sanders says that WH has reached out to the Covington Catholic kids and invited them to the WH but any meeting woul…
I’ll be on @hardball with @HardballChris in a few minutes. Tune in!
RT @NewsHour: Negotiations over the State of the Union address are "basically a game of chicken right now," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruff. h…
RT @NewsHour: The Supreme Court has allowed President Trump's ban on transgender members of the military to begin. Megan Winters, whose cas…
RT @sahilkapur: Rep. Collin Peterson (D-Minnesota) says Democrats should "give Trump the money" for his border wall.		https://t.co/tTakNeD3…
Conference brings together about 270 control and border security practitioners from 85 countries involved in dual-use and conventional arms policy, licensing, and enforcement to promote the development of effective strategic trade management and counter proliferation measures.
CONFIRMED: The State Department has had to cancel an international conference on border security because of the govt shutdown. Its 16th Int’l Export Control and Border Security Conference was scheduled to take place in Edinburgh on February 19-21, due to government shutdown.
RT @kristindonnelly: Breaking on @TheLeadCNN right now: Mueller wants to know about 2016 Trump campaign's ties to NRA reports @SaraMurray h…
RT @mkraju: McConnell is NOT supporting the House bill that the Senate will vote on Thursday to reopen the government until early February,…
“Human security is at risk,” Kudlow says of border security. “I believe these are soluble problems.”
Larry Kudlow now at the podium answering questions saying the economy will “immediately snap back” after shutdown. Asked by @AprilDRyan about personal suffering of Americans and Kudlow says “I don’t like hardships.”
The last briefing was December 18. https://t.co/06hHyxRIOB
Larry Kudlow tells CNBC that the United States’ economy might lose money in the short term because of the shutdown but that there will be  “an immediate snap back” once the shutdown ends.
Larry Kudlow is doing a live TV hit from the WH briefing room so reporters are waiting around to ask him questions afterwards because it’s the only way questions get answered in the WH briefing room these days. https://t.co/UGcSC4Tbsk
RT @whca: Statement on White House news briefings from WHCA President Olivier Knox. https://t.co/jhQjVrz1bC
RT @NatashaBertrand: New: FBI Agents Association just released a 72-page report about the shutdown. "The shutdown has eliminated any abilit…
Furloughed worker concerned with rent, chemotherapy https://t.co/NVqaqR0DDa via @msnbc
ANOTHER UPDATE: A White House official tells me President Trump is moving forward with his SOTU plans after checking with security officials. That person said, “She (Pelosi) invited the president. He accepted. The security concerns have been addressed by DHS and Secret Service.”
Reminder: This is the only response that Trump has publicly made since Pelosi sent him a letter about postponing the State of the Union. I also asked a WH official today, when was the last time the president spoke to Pelosi? That person couldn’t remember since it’s been a while. https://t.co/CjbU2SXyii
UPDATE: A WH official tells me that  President Trump is preparing to give the State of the Union as scheduled. I specially asked where? That person said they are preparing for the House.
Joining @mitchellreports right now from the WH. Tune in!
Just confirmed that the White House has sent a letter to the Sergeant-at-Arms, asking to schedule a walk-through for State of the Union and that President Trump still plans to be at the U.S. Capitol on Jan 29 for the speech. (First reported by @johnrobertsFox.)
RT @GeoffRBennett: NEW: I asked WH spokesperson Hogan Gidley why @realDonaldTrump hasn't talked with @SpeakerPelosi since delivering his Sa…
RT @megbthompson: The doc @TransMilitary shows how today’s #scotus decision on trans troops will affect soldiers @NewsHour  https://t.co/3U…
RT @mitchellreports: Coming up on #AMR: 	@marianaatencio 	@kasie 	@rickwtyler 	@RonaldKlain 	@mmurraypolitics 	@bfouhy 	@Yamiche 	@PeterAle…
RT @axios: Why Giuliani's Moscow project timeline comments matter:	1. Trump said as late as Oct. 9 debate with Hillary: "I don't deal there…
That poll also found your overall   approval rating at 39%. It also showed your approval sliding with key groups that make up your base like white women w/o college degrees (down 24%), white evangelicals (-13%), suburban men (-18%), &amp; Republicans ( -10%). https://t.co/4KlVsAY3lJ https://t.co/3Fp57id9KY
LONG READ: The Trump proposal to re-open the government is out and it’s more than a 1,000 pages long. A look at what Sen McConnell is putting forth.   https://t.co/Fz9k9gTxP6
One more story. Night y’all. A black R&amp;B artist hoped singing for Trump would build ‘a bridge.’ It derailed her career instead. - The Washington Post https://t.co/qw8nlttcNh
RT @axios: Amid negotiations to end the trade war, China has granted Ivanka Trump five product trademarks. https://t.co/r20oV1UAv7
RT @NewsHour: “The reality is, neither party is willing to put right in front of America the issues of systemic racism, of systemic poverty…
RT @donie: NEW: An account that played a pivotal role in making the encounter between a Native American and #MAGA teens go viral on Saturda…
RT @maggieNYT: "Several people close to Mr. Trump have grown exasperated with Mr. Giuliani’s public appearances. They also expressed concer…
WATCH THIS: MLK explained why black people face unique challenges in the U.S. Blacks were enslaved and then set free without an economic base. “It was freedom and famine at the same time,” Dr. King said. https://t.co/Vv1q9i3LOn
RT @NewsHour: Thousands gathered over the weekend in D.C. and other cities as part of the annual Women's March. Organizers built the first…
RT @NewsHour: "President Trump seems to be edging closer and closer to declaring a national emergency," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruff. https…
RT @NewsHour: Day 31 of the partial government shutdown, and still no deal. @Yamiche reports that the president's latest proposal to end th…
And, Senator Harris’s campaign visuals paid homage to Shirley Chisholm, the first black woman ever to run for president, by sharing the same red and yellow color scheme as Chisholm’s presidential buttons. Plus, Harris is having an Alpha Kappa Alpha event. Big statements.
RT @maggieNYT: ”...and not based on conversations I had with the President.  My comments did not represent the actual timing or circumstanc…
RT @maggieNYT: Giuliani clarifying what he said yesterday about Trump/timeframe on the Moscow tower project:	“My recent statements about di…
Senator Kamala Harris' campaign will certainly be about a bunch of issues. But her announcing her candidacy on MLK Day and then having a press conference at Howard University illustrates her putting race and her blackness at the center of her bid. That's an interesting choice.
RT @BerniceKing: Remember my mother. Today. Always.		There would be no #MLKDay without #CorettaScottKing. 		Architect of the King legacy. E…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: Democratic Sen. @KamalaHarris holds a news conference at @HowardU after announcing her bid for president…
President Trump said to reporters documenting his trip to the MLK monument: "It's a great day. Thank you for being here."
President Trump and Vice President Pence are now visiting the MLK memorial here in Washington, D.C. They placed a wreath at the monument.
Wealth held by the world's billionaires has grown from $3.4 trillion in 2009, to $8.9 trillion in 2017. https://t.co/vaQUz0KlBc		The 3.8 billion people who make up the world's poorest half saw their wealth decline by 11% last year. https://t.co/i6EkcR4R6I		(h/t @axios)
RT @emarvelous: Since the NFL anthem protests, white fans like the white players more — and the black ones less. https://t.co/sV1KsJaylt
RT @KellySKennedy: Martin Luther King Jr: Vice President Pence compared border wall push to civil rights leader's legacy - The Washington P…
A quote from Rev. Dr. Martin Luther, Jr. that I’m reflecting on today: “History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.”
A read for this morning: My October interview with Sen. Kamala Harris on her career and her childhood.  “One of the things that all leaders need to do is speak truth, even if it’s an uncomfortable truth,” she told me. https://t.co/TVxPzMy6no
Senator Kamala Harris is officially running for president. https://t.co/rhQFqSgoLs
A great way to learn something new about an icon. MLK's name change: How Martin Luther King Jr. was born Michael King Jr. - The Washington Post https://t.co/DkHUkU7hHf
Reminder: President Trump  has “no public events scheduled” on Martin Luther King Day.
Joining @Morning_Joe at 7 a.m. Tune in! https://t.co/GTEgHyMAlW
RT @KasieDC: Why not just reopen the government and then talk immigration?		Sen. Lankford explains why that probably won't happen. https://…
RT @GeoffRBennett: NEW: @realDonaldTrump won't be participating in any Martin Luther King Jr. Day service activities tomorrow. According to…
One more hit with @MSNBC and @TheRevAl starting now!
RT @carolynryan: I have so much to say about this project. But I think I will just shut up and say: read it. https://t.co/iV6lZiKlX3
RT @TheRevAl: Yamiche Alcindor is live w/ me talking Trump and the government shutdown, this is day 30 of the shutdown. #PoliticsNation htt…
RT @KellyO: SHUTDOWN IMPACT: @TSA finds that Saturday their workforce has "a national rate of 8 percent of unscheduled absences compared to…
RT @maggieNYT: The man who stood behind Trump - The Washington Post https://t.co/YWJJMzEJym
RT @mj_lee: .@jaketapper: “If Trump’s immigration positions are racist, were they racist when you held some of those positions as well?”		G…
RT @KellyO: Today in the second anniversary of @realDonaldTrump 's inauguration and that falls on day 30 of the shutdown.
RT @mitchellreports: This is heartbreaking.  Such disrespect and racism https://t.co/oZUkvddkGH
Seriously hope they learn from this. https://t.co/1x9aIsQYYM
RT @NewsHour: Read @Yamiche's breakdown of what it looked like at the White House today. 	https://t.co/3oducBSu32
My latest written piece: Why Trump’s offer to end the shutdown is being called a ‘non-starter’ https://t.co/vrzrdmjX7W
RT @trymainelee: I’m a heart attack survivor. I’ve never actually said these words publicly, but it’s a truth I’ve lived for a year and a h…
RT @seungminkim: GOP calls after Trump speech:	—POTUS joined House R call to promote his offer, stress his eagerness for a deal	—GOP senato…
My latest: The president’s new proposal to trade TPS and DACA extensions for a wall is all but dead on arrival in Congress. The WH says it’s a compromise bill. Nancy Pelosi says the plan is a “non-starter.” And, 800K federal workers are close to missing a second paycheck. https://t.co/IYNMM6lJ7f
Congressional Black Caucus Chair Karen Bass says, “The President’s proposal is yet another example of his willingness to use the well-being of Black and brown communities as a political pawn.” https://t.co/lkZWrlOwmn
Acting WH Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney: “I absolutely still believe that a national emergency is still a tool that is available to the president but, he’s been candid and very public in saying,  it’s not his preferred course of action.”
RT @kylegriffin1: WaPo spoke with Nathan Phillips, the veteran in the indigenous rights movement.		He said that while he was being harassed…
Another important thing to note: VP Pence said that he and others have been talking to “rank and file” Democrats and got the idea to add TPS and DACA from those conversations. Translation: The WH is looking for Dems to break ranks with Pelosi and Schumer and support Trump’s plan.
I’ll be on @MSNBC in a few minutes. Tune in!
Jared Kushner on Trump: "He’s spoken many times about the Dreamers in different ways and I think he would like to see our immigration system fixed.”
Jared Kushner: "I think the president feels like the country is tired of posturing on both sides. He thinks there are a lot of reasonable people who want to see a compromise that moves us forward."
Mick Mulvaney blaming Dems if ppl don't get paid next week: “If the bill is filibustered on Tues, &amp; we do not get a motion to proceed, ppl will not get paid. I will be very curious to see how the Democrats--especially in the Senate--choose to deal w/ this piece of legislation.”
RT @SGarnerNJ: Tonight on @NewsHour Weekend: @yamiche w/ the latest proposals from the President on shutdown day 29, @megbthompson at the w…
VP Pence pushing back on conservative backlash: “This is not an amnesty bill….There is no amnesty in the president's proposals. There is no pathway to citizenship.” He added that that President Trump’s proposal is a “sincere effort” to make a compromise.
Me to Pence: Why should ppl trust Trump not to deport DACA &amp; TPS recipients in 3 yrs since he said some are from “shithole” countries &amp; brought AIDS to US? Pence: I take issue w/ characterization of president’s remarks &amp; the president readily included TPS &amp; DACA in his proposal.
NEW: VP Pence, Mick Mulvaney, Sec Nielsen &amp; Jared Kushner held a meeting w/ reporters to make the case that the president’s proposal deserves a chance &amp; that Dems should take it up. They say Senate &amp; WH is working on wording of the bill and McConnell plans to bring it to a vote.
To be clear: The president has said that Haitians are from a “shithole” country and has said, untruthfully, that Haitians brought AIDS to America. Now he’s also saying some Haitians w/ TPS can stay for three more years if he’s allowed to build a permanent wall on the border.
President Trump says Senator Mitch McConnell has pledged to bring Trump’s plan for DACA and TPS for 3 more years for the wall for a vote next week. Reminder: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has already rejected it.
THE BIG CHANGE: President Trump adds that he is offering: 1) Three years for 700K DACA recipients. 2) Three year extension for TPS for 300K immigrants
Trump just said the wall he is describing would be a “see thru steel barrier.”
Part of Trump’s plan he’s explaining:	$805M for drug smuggling technology 	2750 new border agents	75 new immigration judge teams 	$5.7B for a border wall (not 2,000 miles, but 230 miles. Steel barriers in “high priority places”)
President Trump: This is a common sense compromise that both sides should embrace.
Democrats showing disdain for the president’s speech. 👇🏾 https://t.co/DyEDWjKGIh
President Trump: Our immigration should be the envy of the world not a symbol of disunity and disfunction...Both sides just side down and listen to each other and cross the aisles.
President Trump isn’t even done speaking and his plan to trade immigrant groups for his wall is dead on arrival for Democrats. Remarkable.
President Trump is now saying many immigrant mothers give their daughters birth control pills for the journey to America because they know might be raped. Fact check anyone? We need one.
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: President Trump makes statement about shutdown, US-Mexico border https://t.co/aoSkDL70GX
President Trump adds that immigrants are a key part of the legacy of America. “Whether we are first generation or 10th generation, we are all equal....Welcome to the family.”
President Trump now telling immigrants they are a vital part of America and that this is the first naturalization swearing that has been held at the White House. Always the showman, this is Trump teeing up his offering to Dems.
Julia — always with the good points. Trump’s “shithole” comments are why a lot of activists and Dems feel skeptical about Trump offering TPS and DACA for the wall. https://t.co/jlpbVy3EEE
RT @axios: MORE: McConnell told Trump that Pelosi would and could not negotiate on border funding because of her caucus, and Trump needed t…
Bottom line: We are now waiting for Pres Trump to make an announcement that has already begun being rejected by Dem lawmakers &amp; activists. The problem: The main reason I’m hearing is that Dems don’t trust Trump no matter what he says. My Q: So how does this shutdown ever end?
Activist went on to say of Trump:  “He knows he lost support for shutdown &amp; is looking for other ppl to blame...He should reopen government and congress should send him Dream &amp; promise act for his to sign if he’s actually interested in making a deal it should be on those terms.”
Immigration activist tells me many think this of Trump: “1) He’s not credible. No one believes him or that he wouldn’t change mind tomorrow. 2) His proposals are temporary patches the courts have already given us. 3) It’s BS to tie the shutdown to the immigrant rights movement.”
Senator Dick Durbin is a no too. https://t.co/80kY9Ur89O
President Trump doesn’t answer questions as he returns to the WH and reporters shout questions. Says, “I’ll see you in a little while.” https://t.co/S0OnIFlhfO
.@K_JeanPierre tells me: “There was no govt shutdown crisis before Trump created it. There was no DACA crisis before Trump created it. There was no TPS crisis before Trump created it. Trump creates fake crises to come up with fake deals. Dems shouldn’t play this game with Trump.“
Senior Democratic House side says “nah” to possible Trump proposal. https://t.co/TFAHuxplpS
RT @JuliaEAinsley: On South Lawn, teasing his 3 pm announcement, Trump says Mexico isn't doing enough to stop migrants. Seems to hint the a…
RT @seungminkim: "A person close to the White House called The Washington Post on Friday morning to alert a reporter to Pelosi’s travel pla…
👀 https://t.co/h71g8aaFXm
RT @arappeport: NEW: Steven Mnuchin recently flew to L.A. on private jet Michael Milken, the billionaire "junk bond” king who pleaded guilt…
Trump  again is trying to argue that terrorists are coming through the southern border when we know now that suspected terrorists  usually come through airports and more were caught coming through Canada than through Mexico. He’s also again, unfairly, linking Muslims &amp; terrorism. https://t.co/e6dSIVyiBP
RT @ZekeJMiller: COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Sweden's news agency says a secret, high-level meeting between envoys from the United States an…
RT @AprilDRyan: Inside the GM plant where nooses and 'whites-only' signs hung	https://t.co/QzC8nMlAVW
Another story I’m staring at in awe after 6 hrs without internet: The authors noted that the "increase in prosecutions would be reported by the media and it would have a substantial deterrent effect." https://t.co/5n2oTEDzSF via @JuliaEAinsley
If true, this is so huge. https://t.co/wn9jrXQw7n
Just landed in Seattle and this Buzzfeed story is 👀.
RT @mitchellreports: Is enough attention being paid to the fact that in his battle with @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump not only grounded h…
My Q to a WH official today: What do you say to ppl who are worried that this shutdown won’t ever end? Official: The WH has put forward a plan. The president has signed a law saying workers will get their back pay and had Dems here yesterday. Now go ask Pelosi the same question.
RT @abbydphillip: Just in: First Lady Melania Trump has arrived in West Palm Beach for the holiday weekend.
RT @abbydphillip: The government is shut down but the former speaker of the house is living his best life https://t.co/cZphX2oyXC
RT @JakeSherman: NOW... @vp and Jared Kushner just arrived on the hill to meet w MCCONNELL.
RT @WSJPolitics: U.S. officials are debating ratcheting back tariffs on Chinese imports as a way to calm markets and give Beijing an incent…
RT @AaronBlake: All CODELS are now canceled during shutdown.		So lawmakers aren't going to be able to get firsthand, in-person feedback fro…
RT @sarahnferris: NEWS: Rep. Jason Smith (R-Mo.) shouted "Go back to Puerto Rico" on House floor. 		Statement: "Congressman Smith’s comment…
INBOX: “I’m disinvited.” President Trump raising money for his presidential campaign as the shutdown and border security spat between him and Democrats just gets deeper. https://t.co/ktes2EPmoS
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump ally Graham says Pelosi move all but disinviting Trump from State of the Union was “blatantly political” and Trump…
Sarah Sanders at WH on Speaker Pelosi just now: “She can come here anytime she wants. If she’d like to make a deal and actually have a conversation about negotiating, sure...She’s been to the White House on three separate occasions and all three times she’s done nothing.”
A White House source tells me President Trump still has not responded to the State of the Union postponement letter from Speaker Pelosi sent yesterday.
One WH source tells me of Speaker Pelosi: “She should not leave the country for 7 days in the middle of a shutdown. She is the person who has to make a deal.”
Two WH sources tell me President Trump made the decision to send Pelosi the letter today. One said, “If the speaker had left she would have guaranteed that 800K workers would not receive another check.”
RT @BresPolitico: Pelosi's trip to Afghanistan had been a closely held secret due to security concerns, of course. Very few people knew she…
If you’re waiting for your paycheck from the federal government, buckle up. The pettiness is full blown and there is literally no end in sight. Trump hasn’t responded to State of the Union letter but clearly personally helped put together this letter to Pelosi on her travel.
RT @juliehdavis: House Majority @LeaderHoyer calls Trump cancellation of Pelosi codel “petty &amp; ridiculous,” says it “demeans” presidency
RT @stevenportnoy: The details of Pelosi's planned travel to Brussels, Egypt and Afghanistan -- particularly those destinations -- had not…
RT @jdawsey1: Will trump allow government/military plane travel for his cabinet to go to Davos next week?
RT @JudyWoodruff: "this is the president being a 'man baby'" says Michigan Democrat @RepDanKildee of Pres Trump letter just now to @Speaker…
Wow. https://t.co/NkkLmDIhvg
President Donald Trump writes a letter to Speaker Pelosi saying her foreign travel has been postponed. https://t.co/gMTNunkvbm
New HHS Office of the Inspector General report is stunning. 	-In 2017, before the Trump administration announced zero-tolerance policy,  kids were being separated from parent or guardian by immigration	authorities	- The number of kids separated is unknown		https://t.co/1rj3EhRpor
This is happening now. Ask. Me. Anything. 		https://t.co/wJZfUWdCl7
Pres Trump: The Democratic party has been hijacked. The radical left becoming the radical Democrats. Hopefully lawmakers will step forward to do right thing. Stop human hijacking. Stop drugs. Stop human trafficking.		Note: Pelosi just said this is not evidence based solutions.
President Trump tells those gathered at the Pentagon that the "radical left" in part of the problem and why he hasn't gotten his wall.
President Trump: "A wall has to be built. We need security...The federal government remains shutdown because congressional Democrats refused to approved border security."
AT NOON: I'll be doing a @Reddit Ask Me Anything on @rSlashPolitics. 		Head to https://t.co/wJZfUWdCl7 … and ask me anything about the White House, this shutdown, border security and race and politics. https://t.co/MWxde0Egj8
Speaker Pelosi: In case I wasn't clear, 90% of drugs come through legal ports of entry. "This has to be evidence based."		Note: On day 27 of the shutdown, Republicans and Democrats aren't agreeing on the facts of how to secure the border. We are where we were in December.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi holding her weekly press conference. 	Q: Are you worried the heat of negotiations will get too hot with your letter?	Pelosi's answer: She recounts stories of people impacted by the shutdown. "That is the heat we want to lower."
RT @NewsHour: "There is some precedent here for the president possibly not delivering the State of the Union in the way that we are normall…
New: Rep Susie Lee (D-NV) and others hand delivered this letter signed by more than 30 Dem freshmen House members to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell: https://t.co/uYbNxvF2Hy
Interesting. https://t.co/ALtuRdLFRs
RT @abbydphillip: Pence this morning after servicemember killed in Syria: “The caliphate has crumbled and ISIS has been defeated."		Now the…
The White has still not responded to Speaker Pelosi but DHS Secretary Nielsen says this... https://t.co/PbILWaAsgJ
Rep. Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS), Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security: “I wholeheartedly support Speaker Pelosi’s call to delay the State of the Union address until the government re-opens." https://t.co/ns4DDtmNTx
RT @jim_newell: Hoyer said on CNN that the SOTU is off, but his spox clarifies: "He hadn’t read the actual letter and misunderstood." Still…
Here at the White House, reporters were waiting to see if members of the Problem Solvers Caucus were going to come out and speak to reporters. But now that the WH has called a lunch lid until 2 p.m. so it seems the lawmakers aren't coming out to talk to reporters.
Sarah Sanders: “The President and his team had a constructive meeting with bipartisan members of the problem solvers caucus. They listened to one another and now both have a good understanding of what the other wants. We look forward to more conversations like this.”
RT @peterbakernyt: In Hamburg, Trump said Putin denied election hack but told him that "if we did, we wouldn’t have gotten caught because w…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Statement from the Democrats heading to the White House: https://t.co/oDYf2ofqRM
Nancy Pelosi: “This is a special security event...This is a housekeeping matter.”
RT @PeterAlexander: In 2014, Trump touted King as a "special guy, a smart person, with really the right views on almost everything."	Their…
RT @PeterAlexander: When I asked whether Trump supports the House's condemnation of Steve King, Sarah Sanders called his racist comments "a…
RT @DavidWright_CNN: Sen. Dianne Feinstein opens day 2 of AG nominee hearings with warning to Barr: "I was concerned by his equivocation re…
I’m on @MSNBC from 10-11 am today talking with @HallieJackson about Speaker Pelosi disinviting President Trump from delivering the State of the Union, the impacts of the shutdown, and where things go from here. Tune in!
Rep. Steny Hoyer just told NBC News that Pres. Trump has been “disinvited” from making the state of the union address.
Reminder: Pres. Trump is scheduled to meet with Democrats and Republicans from the Problem Solvers Caucus to talk about the shutdown. This letter is a significant development as hundreds of thousands of federal workers and Americans as a whole continue to feel shutdown’s impact.
This is obviously huge. Speaker Pelosi is making a power play here. President Trump was surely looking forward to using an hour or so to make his case for the wall and his border security strategy.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi just sent a letter to President Trump saying he should postpone the State of the Union address until the government is back open. https://t.co/fyLrk5YWL7
RT @daveweigel: Steve King just unloaded on House GOP in interview w conservative talker Ed Martin.		"I'm comfortable standing before God.…
My latest: AG nominee William Barr wasted no time declaring his independence from President Trump while also signaling that he backed some of the president’s policies. He also praised Mueller personally and said the DOJ is key to rule of law. https://t.co/KqhV7F0Ue6
RT @JudyWoodruff: our survey w/ @MaristPoll is latest to show majority of Americans blame Pres Trump for government shutdown: 54% compared…
I've been talking to sources who say many Dems--including the Congressional Black Caucus--don't want to have Steve King censured because they don't want him to claim he is a martyr of Dems. Instead, they wanted Repubs to deal with their own. So far, that is what has happened.
RT @MEPFuller: House passes a resolution against white nationalism (meant as a rebuke of Steve King), 424-1.		The only member to vote again…
RT @yashar: 2. Updating my story: NBC News standards has revised their guidance on Steve King and his racist comments. 		https://t.co/Oc3aR…
RT @maggieNYT: Recurring theme from sources over last two days: Kushner is the de facto chief of staff, whether people realize it or not.
William Barr calls Putin and Russia "a potent rival" of America. "He wants to weaken the American alliances in Europe. And he also wants to become more of a player in the Middle East."		Barr adds, "At the same time, the primary rival of the United States is China."
RT @lpolgreen: NBC News staffers have been told not to describe Steve King's racist comments as racist. https://t.co/3z6TR79c4C by @yashar
RT @AaronBlake: KLOBUCHAR: "Will the Justice Department jail journalists for doing their jobs?"		BARR: "I can conceive of places where, as…
William Barr in 1992: "I think that's overkill to put a barrier from one side of the border to the other."		William Barr in 2019: "I feel it is a critical part of border security that we need to have barriers on the border. We need a barrier system on the border to get control."
RT @atrupar: BARR backs Trump's wall: "I feel it is a critical part of border security that we need to have barriers on the border. We need…
William Barr: Under the regulations, Robert Mueller would have to be fired for "good cause" and I can't imagine him doing something that would make his firing necessary.
AG nominee William Barr says he told President Trump: "Bob (Mueller) is a straight shooter and should be dealt with as such."
RT @mariasacchetti: A white nationalist’s harassment helped force a black female lawmaker to resign. He won’t face charges. https://t.co/BH…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: William Barr, President Trump's attorney general nominee, testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committe…
RT @ThisWeekABC: AG nominee William Barr: "President Trump has sought no assurances, promises or commitments from me of any kind, either ex…
RT @WaPoVanessa: It’s infuriating that 50-plus years after the Kerner Commission called out the news media for being “shockingly backward"…
Rep. Bobby L. Rush will be introducing a resolution to formally censure Rep. Steve King: "King’s pattern of despicable comments harken back to the dark days of American history where his rabid, racist remarks would have been acceptable to a significant portion of our nation." https://t.co/lrbXT8dPHh
President Trump has invited Jim Chilton, a rancher from Arizona.		Chilton says, "Mr. President, we need a wall. We need a wall all the length of the border." He adds that the Vatican has a wall, "why can't we?"
RT @EliStokols: I’ve talked to a number of farmers at here at AFBF convention. The immigration reform they say they most need is a better g…
President Trump now going on an extended riff about "chain migration."		Reminder: Melania's parents Viktor and Amalija Knavs became U.S. by taking advantage of same family-based immigration program.		Link: https://t.co/cilmEpPq0p
President Trump is now saying immigrants who come back for their immigration trials are essentially stupid. He said those people should not be allowed to stay because they "are not going to Make America Great Again." 		Note: These would be people following U.S. immigration laws.
Pres Trump: "Wheels work and walls work."		Interestingly, he said in this speech that drugs are mostly smuggled into the U.S. through crafty smugglers but did not acknowledge that a wall would not stop smugglers from coming through legal entries which is how most drugs come in.
President Trump is promising farmers that it will be "easier" for immigrants who work for farmers to get into the country in the future. Note: Many farmers have said Trump's immigration policies have cost them money because they don't have enough labor on their farms.
RT @abbydphillip: Read out of President Trump's call with Turkish President Erdogan https://t.co/xp1scI5Lu1
RT @abbydphillip: Insane https://t.co/K20RIXuJqa
Pres Trump pushing back hard: "I never worked for Russia and you know that answer better than anybody. I never worked for Russia. Not only did I never work for Russia, I think it's a disgrace that you even asked that question because it's a whole big fat hoax. It's just a hoax."
AG nominee Barr prepared remarks say: "I believe it is vitally important that the Special Counsel  be allowed to complete his investigation...I believe it is in the best interest of everyone...that this matter be resolved by allowing the Special Counsel to complete his work."
RT @JonLemire: After 40 minute delay, AF1 now rolling to leave for Louisiana
RT @JonLemire: No official explanation for delay. The president and our press pool boarded a half hour ago https://t.co/RWqARzPJ3W
RT @costareports: In prepared testimony, AG nominee Barr says it's "vitally important" that Special Counsel Mueller is allowed to continue…
RT @ThisWeekABC: "I never worked for Russia," President Trump says on the White House lawn. 		"Not only did I never work for Russia, I thin…
RT @stevenportnoy: A curious thing is happening at Joint Base Andrews -- poolers on board AF1 report they've been sitting on the tarmac for…
How dare you type “many black people have no interest in journalism.” Where is your evidence? Your conversation with yourself in your bubble of ignorance? Please get educated and realize @NABJ exists because black people are interested in and highly qualified at journalism. https://t.co/RP9fkHCkBG
What Jemele said. https://t.co/ryMNtmpBnX
RT @ddale8: Trump twice told a story last week about a 16-year-old being "brutally murdered" and "viciously, violently killed" by MS-13 mem…
Pres Trump: "I've been here all weekend. A lot of the Democrats were in Puerto Rico celebrating something. I don't know, maybe they're celebrating the shutdown.” Note: Fox News had to correct its reporting because Speaker Pelosi was in DC all weekend.
Shutdown Day 24 and it looks like it’ll be continuing. President Trump was asked about Lindsey Graham’s suggestion that he temporarily reopen government, Trump said, “I did reject it.”
President Trump was asked about reports he hid details of meetings with Putin. He described this as “fake news.” He also said: “I never worked for Russia.” Trump added that it’s a disgrace that anyone would ask him that.
RT @abbydphillip: Trump is very up on the details of Jeff Bezos’ divorce. But when asked about Steve King’s white supremacist comments he s…
RT @augusta_ant: Continuing my #GoodNews streak, here's a story about the shutdown, but it's also about pizza and cross-border kindness #Sh…
RT @KasieDC: This week, Rep. Steve King faced backlash over controversial comments.		But this is far from the first time he's made comments…
I’m on @KasieDC from 8-9. Tune in!
Thanks. But I said they would not pay tariffs. Here’s the report: https://t.co/PLhbdY6CXc https://t.co/s1lK4kYAJb
RT @maggieNYT: Trump says he's been "tougher on Russia.... than the last 3 or 4 modern day presidents." Curious how GWB would feel about th…
RT @maggieNYT: "I think it is a great insult...it is a very horrible thing they said," Trump said, still refusing to answer the question as…
RT @samstein: This is a bit wild. Trump actually doesn’t give a yes or no when asked by Judge Jeniene if he’s a Russian asset.
RT @maggieNYT: @JudgeJeanine asking POTUS about @adamgoldmanNYT @nytmike @npfandos. "Are you now or have you ever worked for Russia?" POTUS…
RT @GeoffRBennett: .@PressSec responds to the @washingtonpost report alleging that @realDonaldTrump has hidden the details of his Putin con…
RT @Fahrenthold: In Tampa, they set up a food bank in the airport, for the TSA agents working without pay. https://t.co/RmqxJJp2om
RT @washingtonweek: WATCH: "People are feeling the strain of not having money," @Yamiche tells @costareports #WashWeek https://t.co/xU5gYu7…
This is incredible. We can and should do better. https://t.co/Jga7lkCSpK
RT @nytimes: President Trump has frequently called the situation at the U.S. border with Mexico a crisis and insists that building a border…
RT @costareports: "Speaker Nancy Pelosi is... developing a parallel strategy to convince the public that an emergency declaration is unwarr…
RT @nytimes: Megyn Kelly is leaving NBC and will receive the rest of her $69 million contract https://t.co/aVCWeVruDu
@henricauvin @NewsHour Thanks so much for the tweet!
RT @NewsHour: "The president today was asked about whether or not federal workers should be getting some sort of relief," @Yamiche tells @J…
RT @NewsHour: “White House officials are already gearing up and talking about this shutdown going into February,” reports @Yamiche https://…
Incredible graph: In the days after President Trump fired James B. Comey as F.B.I. director, law enforcement officials became so concerned by the president’s behavior that they began investigating whether he had been working on behalf of Russia against American interests.
Wow. F.B.I. Opened Inquiry Into Whether Trump Was Secretly Working on Behalf of Russia   via @NYTimes https://t.co/WUEtcwNezB
RT @costareports: As the shutdown drags on, @PBS @WashingtonWeek will bring you the latest and sharpest reporting on all of it. Join me + @…
RT @DanielStrauss4: And just like that the Republican National Committee is emailing out a "cheat sheet" on Gabbard. https://t.co/GwqWJEdRVF
RT @DHBerman: BREAKING: Tulsi Gabbard says she will run for president in 2020 @CNNPolitics https://t.co/MTtE4EbkQT
And yes, it is pretty cool that I get to talk about my husband's reporting to make my point that furloughed federal workers are feeling the impacts of the partial government shutdown. #FF @nathanielcline
My latest: Trump says federal workers are handling not getting paid "incredibly well" while workers are increasingly going to food banks. My husband, @nathanielcline, reports that the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors is giving $25,000 to food pantries. https://t.co/N7qs1ucizz https://t.co/SkVL5UQmBV
Republicans pushing back on a Trump plan. https://t.co/QaHef3gn5q
Some 800K fed workers didn't get paid today. Next available check would be on Jan 25, almost a month w/o pay. Pres Trump today: "I appreciate their service...I appreciate their incredible support...I just really appreciate the fact that they have handled this so incredibly well."
President Trump got aggressive toward media today regarding border coverage. He said: "You write about nonsense... You don't report it because you're fake news... You don't want to tell the story about what's going on at the border...There has never been anything like it."
Pres Trump also called human trafficking an "ancient crime" enabled by the internet and lack of border wall. He invoked kidnapping women and "taping them up" to cross the border.		Note: Many in McAllen agree that human trafficking and humanitarian issues need to be dealt with.
President Trump just said that he has the right to declare a national emergency  but "I'm not going to do it so fast." 		He says Democrats in Congress "should come back and vote.		"What we're not looking to do right now is national emergency," he added, per pool.
RT @DOES_DC: Federal workers affected by the partial federal government shutdown may file for unemployment benefits today by calling🤳(202)…
RT @kenvogel: NEW: Prosecutors are investigating how Russia-friendly Ukrainians gained access to TRUMP inauguration events — including whet…
I’ll be on @MSNBC talking with @SRuhle at 9 am about the shutdown, Trump’s border visit and what people on the ground in Texas told me about their thoughts on the wall. Tune in!
Update: Though Sarah says NBC is wrong, a number of news outlets have confirmed this reporting.
Airline Agent: Our scanners aren’t working for your boarding passes so just tell us your seat number. Me: I feel safe. Guy next  to me (jokingly): Well, at least we’re building a wall.  ✌🏽Texas 🛬D.C.
Skeeeee weee 💕💚💕💚 #TreClub (Note: Skeeee weee is not a political statement for anyone who is wondering.) https://t.co/0QnFP4Sv8L
RT @rebeccaballhaus: WH officials including Kushner have been lobbying Trump for restraint on a national emergency, saying it shouldn’t be…
WH Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said this to me in an email when I asked for comment on this: “The NBC story is totally false, fake news, but doesn’t mean the President won't talk to them at some point.” https://t.co/SgaE9Y3Wpg
My latest: Pres Trump wants a wall but the mayor of McAllen told me his community doesn’t need a wall. The head of Catholic Charities there said immigrants are fearful, not be feared. And, protesters for and against the wall gathered in TX and elsewhere as the shutdown continues. https://t.co/8PyZHTzHfd
My latest: A fact check of the president’s statements while visiting the border in Texas today. https://t.co/WudXW9inFE
RT @JudyWoodruff: the mayor of #McAllen Texas, Jim Darling,tells @Yamiche attempts to cross the southern border are up, not because of smug…
RT @abbydphillip: .@PhilipRucker asks Trump if he's worried about Michael Cohen's publicly testifying on the hill: "I'm not worried about i…
RT @seungminkim: Omg this is awful https://t.co/Z9oJdQIRa0
Rudy Munoz, 71, of Palm View, Texas, says this is his first time ever protesting. He told me President Trump is wrongly using fear and lies to demand a wall. https://t.co/UeLD2re4lG
Trump said Lt. gov. Patrick advises him to be more clear about how Mexico will pay for the wall. “When I say Mexico’s going to pay for the wall...I didn’t say they’re going to write me a check for 10 billion or 20 billion," per pooler @PhilipRucker.
The WH said these were 200 U.S. CBP officers and agents and other officials. Trump autographed caps, shook hands and posed for pics. He said, repeatedly, “Thank you very much, everybody!” Some supporters yelled: “Thank you for supporting our border patrol” and “Keep it up!”
President Trump has landed. He will participate in a roundtable discussion on immigration and border security at the U.S. Border Patrol McAllen Station in McAllen, TX. Part of the discussion will focus on CPB procedures for seizing contraband at the border, per pool @PhilipRucker
Here’s a scene from earlier today of a pro-Trump protester talking with an anti-Trump protester. https://t.co/TpPoXhy2qy
Pro-Trump and anti-Trump protesters are standing across the street from each other nearby where the airport where the president is landing. https://t.co/VAEgmSW5ct
Eva Arechiga, 54, a marketing consultant who lives in McAllen, said the families and children fleeing violence and poverty in Central America should turn to God and churches in their native countries for help and not seek asylum in the U.S. She says she fears for her life. https://t.co/p8inJUJVMg
Hector Cantu works on an oil rig and brought his teenage kids to protest in support of a wall. He says it is needed to fully secure his community and added that he thinks Trump is both “blunt” and “honest.” https://t.co/62GGDkPlqZ
RT @nhannahjones: Whew. Boy. So, when I was in Ore. I started reporting a story on transracial adoption, specifically looking at w parents/…
Diego Rivera, 42, is a federal worker who lives in McAllen, TX. He told me he wants to get back to work and can’t find alternative income because employers won’t hire him on a short term basis. https://t.co/XacCTqvyqF
At least one person has now been arrested at protests in McAllen, Texas.
RT @jimsciutto: Here you go: WH counsel's office is prepping legal justification for national emergency, including advising WH to ramp up t…
RT @jacobsoboroff: EXCLUSIVE: DHS test of steel prototype for border wall, Trump's preference, showed it could be sawed through.		We've obt…
RT @alangomez: Before leaving to border, @realDonaldTrump said drugs don't flow through "portals" (or, border crossings) but through the re…
RT @JDiamond1: Trump's claim that he never called for Mexico to make a direct border wall payment to the US is blatantly false.	In April 20…
My Q: What do you think of Pres Trump saying this is a crisis of heart and soul? Pimintel: Using our heart and soul is definitely important. Our law enforcement must keep us safe. Criminals can be anybody. Immigrants are coming from a desperate situation.
Sister Pimintel also told me: Immigrants that I see come across the border are easy targets for abuse. I don’t see why we should be afraid of them. We need to be safe but make sure they’re safe as well. We need a safer passage for them. Not to treat them like criminals.
Today I spoke to Sister Norma Pimintel of Catholic Charities. The group receives 500 immigrants a day from the border and helps them get to family and friends. She told me of the shutdown: “I think that it’s wrong and families shouldn’t be worried about how to pay their bills.” https://t.co/zcMSbkwrGv
Some McAllen, TX facts:	85% Hispanic/Latino; 28% foreign born; $45,000 median household income; 25% in poverty; and 142,000 people live in the city. https://t.co/GOI2l219C2
I’m in McAllen, TX today as the president visits this border community to make his pitch that a wall or physical barrier is needed for border security. Some here agree w/ him. Others like the McAllen mayor &amp; leaders who provide direct services to immigrants say no wall is needed.
Chances of declaring emergency?	Trump: “If we don't make a deal, I would say 100 percent, but I don't know what say a 100 percent...If we don't make a deal I would say it would be very surprising to me that I would not declare a national emergency."
President Trump today: “This is a national emergency ... I have the absolute right to declare a national emergency. The lawyers have so advised me. I'm not prepared not to do that yet, but if I have to, I will. I have no doubt about it. I will."
As Democrats and Republicans go back and forth over the government shutdown, a local government in Virginia is trying to mitigate the impact of the shutdown and feed residents. https://t.co/yEuTpRTuGy
@JudyWoodruff @sayakoq @NewsHour @IAmAmnaNawaz @amyewalter @LisaDNews We are so lucky to work and learn from you daily Judy!
RT @NewsHour: "What we're seeing is a White House that's using its messaging power" as much as it can "to make the case that [the situation…
Here’s the full exchange between Vice President Pence and me. Pence is essentially saying Senator Schumer is not telling the truth about President Trump slamming his hands. My Q and then his A. https://t.co/RAOfMEUZis
Vice President Pence tells me and other reporters that President Trump never slammed his hands on a table as Dems said no and that Trump actually passed out candy and later walked out calmly.
Leader McCarthy now says Dems were the ones who were contentious and angry and that President Trump spoke calmly.
VP Pence says that President Trump asked Speaker Pelosi if she would find the wall if he agreed to open the government. When she said no, the president ended the meeting. (A slight difference from what Schumer said.)
VP Pence now saying it was a very short meeting.
Senator Schumer describes a contentious meeting where President Trump walked out and slammed his hands on a table during talks with Dem leaders.
Sen Schumer says that President Trump said talking to he and Speaker Pelosi was “a waste of his time” because they won’t fund his wall.
Schumer: The President asked if we would fund his wall. When Dem leaders said no. “The president just got up and walked out.”
VP Pence on Monday:  “One of my least favorite terms is the one that shows up the media lot. It’s the word base. I don’t like the word base.” Pence today talking w/ Rush Limbaugh: “And, Rush, we don’t thank you enough. But thank you for all that you’ve meant to this movement.”
Trump again going against immigration experts who say a wall won't solve problems w/ drug flow &amp; suspected terrorists: “We can all play games but a wall is a necessity...If you don’t have the wall it doesn’t matter. A drone isn’t stopping a thousand people running through.”
President Trump: “We gotta get the politics out of this and go back to common sense. They say it’s a medieval solution. It’s true. It’s medieval because it worked then” and it works now.		(My note: I can't wait for Game of Thrones to come back.)
President Trump on furloughed workers: “They’re all going to get their money and I think they’re going to be happy... Many of those people are saying it’s very hard for me, it’s very hard for my family but Mr. President you’re doing the right thing.”
President Trump also said:  “I would love to see a big immigration	bill where we really take care of the situation. ... We would like to	see real immigration reform in this country because we need it.” 		Note: DACA for the wall could have been a big immigration bill.
President Trump just said about declaring on national emergency: “I think we might work a deal, and if we don’t we might go that route.” 		He also says he has the “absolute right” to declare an emergency. The “threshold” for declaring one is if he can’t make a deal, he says.
A source just joked to me: “I hated the idea of a ‘wall.’ But a ‘physical barrier?’ I can definitely get behind that.” Translation: Many Dems see the president’s language change as not helpful because he made “build that wall” a central part of his political personality.
Truth. https://t.co/wPfflIrhE7
Welp. https://t.co/sOC5D7Y1eW
The DNC is not pulling punches with their response to President Trump’s speech. They call it: “Lies, fearmongering, finger-pointing, and a manufactured excuse for shutting down the government. Using the Oval Office to deceive the American people...” https://t.co/1v980rrTyp
RT @jdawsey1: A Stephen Miller special -- but no huge news.
Pelosi &amp; Schumer made the case that Trump is using fear to get his way. But one question I have now is whether more Democrats on the Hill will use language similar to @AOC and argue that Trump is using racist stereotypes? Some see it as too extreme a tactic but others disagree.
Pres Trump and the speech writers at the WH made what they consider their best pitch to Americans tonight: This is a crisis, a moral issue and a case of wealthy politicians keeping their personal homes safe but not America safe. It was much more muted than Trump’s past speeches.
Trump also appealed to rural and urban areas where the opioid crisis is ravaging communities and killing Americans. However, the president didn’t note that most drugs smuggled into the southern border are done using legal ports of entry and are hidden in vehicles by smugglers.
It’s important to note that the president couched his demand for a wall in terms of class. He said “fancy politicians” have walls at their homes and everyday Americans deserve a wall in the southern border. The issue is much more complicated but it’s a message that ppl may like.
RT @NewsHour: President Trump "has always said, This is a 'wall.' We need a 'wall,'" @Yamiche notes to @JudyWoodruff. "In this case, he sai…
Both Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer are saying the president is to blame and is essentially holding the country hostage. They also both are making the case that Pres Trump is using “fear” to scare Americans into giving him his wall.
Trump’s main point: “This is a humanitarian crisis and a crisis of the heart and a crisis of the soul.” He’s also arguing that his solution is common sense. However, there are a lot of immigration experts who say a wall is not common sense and makes no sense. We’ll see who wins.
Unlike in the past, the president is not repeatedly saying the word “wall.” Instead he’s saying “barrier.” That’s a big shift, for now.
Say that a 1000 times. https://t.co/cqK0OfSMVY
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: President Donald Trump addresses the nation on the situation at the southern border. @JudyWoodruff ancho…
RT @NewsHour: “Their message is that this White House believes there is a humanitarian and a national security crisis at the southern borde…
The scene of protesters  outside the White House less than an hour before President Trump begins his address at 9 pm EST. https://t.co/npuCKt3RxY
My latest: The president will make an 8 minute speech that will likely include misleading information to make the case that we are in a crisis on the southern border. https://t.co/XG0I5nZSd8
President Trump and Vice President Pence will attend the Senate GOP Policy lunch on Capitol Hill tomorrow, per WH pool.
A Republican from Texas says he is opposed to President Trump using military money to build a wall. https://t.co/gdHYBsxltC
Kellyanne Conway called Jim Acosta "a smart ass" for asking if Pres Trump will tell the truth tonight. But, she did not answer the question which many people are wondering. 		It's important to note that Trump has regularly used misleading information in reference to the wall.
Kellyanne Conway like Secretary Nielsen now is saying that there are a number of terrorists "in the hemisphere" of the southern border. She adds that Americans should want to tune to Pres Trump's address to hear why Trump sees the border as a humanitarian and security crisis.
Kellyanne Conway repeats that President Trump is considering declaring a national emergency but won't say how likely he is to do it.
RT @maggieNYT: At the moment advisers don’t expect Trump to declare a national emergency tonight. ⁦@anniekarni⁩ and me  https://t.co/kMCapI…
RT @brianstelter: Ted Koppel says the networks ought to give Trump "the benefit of the doubt."		"When the president of the United States as…
Checkout my interview about R. Kelly’s alledged sexual abuse of underage women with @JimDeRogatis on @NewsHour. Jim told me: “Nobody seems to matter less in our society than young black women...The predator preys on the most vulnerable in society.“ 	https://t.co/pegSqkmuuL
RT @JaneFerguson5: My final PBS NewsHour piece from last month's trip to #Yemen. A look inside the country's biggest, and oldest orphanage.…
RT @Morning_Joe: Updated Tues. guest list: Steve Rattner, Richard Haass, Yamiche Alcindor, Eugene Robinson, Julia Ainsley, Robert Costa, Ka…
I’m on @Morning_Joe from 6 to 7 am today. Tune in!
The mayor of McAllen, Texas— where President Trump is heading to make his case for a wall—says a wall won’t solve Texas’ border problems https://t.co/aaK0WENan4
An important read as the WH claims terrorists are flowing in from the southern border. Only six immigrants in terrorism database stopped by CBP at southern border in first half of 2018 https://t.co/Z7U83wRJes via @nbcnews
RT @NewsHour: "If there's an end to this story someday, I don't think anybody in the history — not only of popular music, but [of] popular…
RT @MurreyJacobson: “If it had been one white girl from Winnetka”, the reaction To R. Kelly allegations would be treated differently. @JimD…
RT @courtneyknorris: Tonight's @NewsHour: R. Kelly remains signed by his record label but #SurvivingRKelly shed new light on the life of th…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: 17 days in, and neither side in budging yet in the showdown over the government shutdown. But the presid…
RT @NewsHour: Homeland Security's Kirstjen Nielsen said terrorists are crossing the border, @Yamiche tells @IAmAmnaNawaz. "However, she wou…
RT @WmBrangham: “The predator preys on the most vulnerable.” @JimDeRogatis in a blistering interview about the R. Kelly rape allegations wi…
I asked why Trump is demanding a wall when DHS says the majority of potential terrorists are stopped at airports and drugs are often smuggled through legal entries. 		Nielsen said some 1,000 terrorists are operating in the region and that DHS will be releasing a fact sheet soon.
President Trump has looked into declaring a national emergency to free up some funds during the shutdown but VP Pence said he has not decided whether he wants to take that action.
VP Pence was also pressed about the impact the shutdown is having on federal workers and other Americans. He said the president is directing OMB to mitigate the impact but added that President Trump's "primary concern is for American ppl and achieving border security."
The WH also handed out charts to make their case that there is a humanitarian and national security crisis on the southern border. But, Secretary Nielsen said it’s classified how many potential terrorists have been stopped on the southern border trying to enter the US. https://t.co/LosbGSSPDh
Vice President Pence said: This isn’t about base. This is about the American people. This is about the flow of illegal immigration, drugs, and the president's determination to address that issue with action and resources.
NEW: Vice President Pence and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen just wrapped an hour long briefing with reporters. The bottom line is that the president is NOT budging from his demand for $5.7 billion a wall and the WH is accusing Dems of refusing to negotiate.
RT @kasie: This is stunning https://t.co/OWNDPxguXk
Dems say the meeting on shutdown resulted in no progress. The president says the meeting was “productive” because he’s decided the wall can be steel instead of concrete. Translation: Hundreds of thousands of federal workers remain without pay going into this week. https://t.co/dJAAf37ZsO
RT @jacobsoboroff: Actually, the *only* Republican in the House to represent any part of the southern border at all is Will Hurd in #TX23 -…
NO PROGRESS on shutdown. From a Democrat familiar with shutdown negotiations: “No progress was made today.  At this time, there is not another meeting of this group scheduled.” https://t.co/fnnpprvD9Y
RT @GeoffRBennett: Trump, speaking to reporters about the shutdown, says the federal workers who are on track to miss a paycheck “will adju…
RT @KellyO: My question to the president, “Can you relate to the pain of federal workers who can’t pay their bills?” Pres. Trump:”I can rel…
RT @MeetThePress: WATCH: In 2015, @MickMulvaneyOMB had a different opinion on building a border fence. He now says, "Things on the ground a…
RT @MeetThePress: WATCH: Mick Mulvaney says the White House's offer to Democrats is steel, not concrete. #MTP		https://t.co/K99yowyaLl http…
Shutdown update from a Dem source: “The Vice President made clear that the White House will not move off of the $5.7 billion dollar proposal that led to the ‘Trump Shutdown.’”
RT @cnnross: NICE #SCOOP from @Rene_MarshCNN and @gregorywallace - First on CNN: Hundreds of TSA screeners calling out sick @CNNPolitics ht…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: #periscope: President Trump addresses reporters after meeting with congressional leadership https://t.co/DgLay233yA
RT @PhilipRucker: So much to chew over in Trump’s Rose Garden speech, but I’m stuck on this: He claimed previous presidents have told him t…
A White House briefing is a time where reporters get ample notice to ask questions of the administration. That was not a briefing.
The White House today gave 5 minutes notice for the briefing and then President Trump took no questions during his surprise visit to the briefing room where he talked border security. Pretty incredible.
RT @ryanstruyk: Total women in the U.S. House:		1989:	16 Democrats	13 Republicans		2019:	89 Democrats	13 Republicans
RT @peterbakernyt: With everything else that he said today, it may not get as much attention, but it still stands out that the president of…
Happy New Year! My first TV hit of the year starts at 2 pm on @MSNBC with @KatyTurNBC. Tune in!
Thanks to everyone who read and watched my reporting in 2018. Looking forward to telling more truths and asking more questions in 2019!
Q: What’s your resolution for 2019? President Trump: Success and prosperity and health.
President Trump is calling into Fox News live right now. “I’m producing better than I actually said,” Trump said.
RT @caroljoynt: The last rush of prep before @MeetThePress Daily goes live with @HallieJackson hosting; panelists @Yamiche @JakeSherman and…
RT @itscaitlinhd: These photos by @heislerphoto https://t.co/jW2zD7Fh2O
RT @nytimes: A lot of kids "believe that their parents intentionally left them," said @itscaitlinhd, who covers immigration for The Times h…
@carolynryan @AsteadWesley @BernieSanders So many memories!
I’m on @Morning_Joe from 6-7. Tune in!
RT @lfung: It’s worth your time to read this incredible special report by @EricLiptonNYT @JohnBranchNYT @SteveEder + photographer @gdemczuk…
Important to note that Republicans AND Democrats all left Washington for the holidays and the only person who stayed was Pres Trump.		Also, Dems  have rejected the latest offer from the White House and Mick Mulvaney made it clear that Dems have been negotiating over the weekend.
New statement from White House on shutdown:  "The President has made clear that any bill ... must adequately fund border security to stop the flow of illegal drugs, criminals, MS-13 gang members, child smugglers and human traffickers ... and protect the American people." https://t.co/oFM2eZQQFi
RT @cristymsilva: A must read about how African-American history and lives are treated in the U.S. and the growing push for change: https:/…
NEW in my inbox from @BernieSanders, subject line: "If I run"		"Whenever I am asked about running for president in 2020, I answer that if I am the best candidate to beat Donald Trump, then I will probably run. That is the truth." https://t.co/UUKgdjUy54
RT @JonLemire: Taking a wrecking ball to decorum and institutions, Trump has changed, in ways both subtle and profound, how Washington work…
Bob Woodward says on @Morning_Joe that Pres Trump often thinks of cash flow when deciding foreign policy. Trump said this to troops in Iraq: “Saudi Arabia...stepped up to the plate and has already made a commitment of substantial funds for development.” Reminder: Jamal Khashoggi.
And a reminder in case you missed this yesterday: President Donald Trump incorrectly told troops in Iraq on Wednesday that he gave them their first pay raise in more than 10 years -- a falsehood he has repeatedly told. https://t.co/XWyFnn3e6M
Another highly political moment of Pres Trump’s speech to troops in Iraq:  “Tell Nancy Pelosi, "I don't want the wall."  "Oh, we want the wall."  And then we get the wall.  (Laughter and applause.)  That's another way of doing it.  (Applause.)  That's another way of doing it.”
Here’s a key part of President Trump’s speech infront of troops in Iraq: “You know, when you think about it, you're fighting for borders in other countries, and they don't want to fight -- the Democrats -- for the border of our country.  It doesn't make a lot of sense.”
On @Morning_Joe from 7-8 today talking about the politics of President Trump’s visit to Iraq. Tune in!
RT @NewsHour: What's happening with migrant children in U.S. custody? "When it comes to the medical care of children, if you're not trained…
Air Force One is wheels up at 10:53 pm local. President Trump and the First Lady are Leaving Iraq.
More details per pool: Trump greeted the troops, saying he’d had great meetings on base. “We like to win Do we like to win?” Trump said. Troops cheered. Trump said if there is a terror attack in the U.S. there would be a harsh response from the US.
Trump getting some love from troops: Trump and Melania made their way through the crowd for about 15 mins. Trump stopped to talk and signed several red Make America Great Again hats service members had brought. At one point he signed an embroidered patch that read “TRUMP 2020.”
Q: How long do you think the shutdown will last?	President Trump: “Whatever it takes. We need a wall. We need safety for our country. Even from this standpoint. We have terrorists coming in through the southern border.”
Q: Why come during shutdown? Trump: “We actually had a couple set up but were canceled for security reasons because ppl were finding out...Pretty sad when you spend $7 trillion and you have to come in through military escorts and all of the other incredible things that they did.”
Pres Trump said he is planning on “going to the wall” on the SW border of early next year for a “ground breaking.” He said he planned to visit the border before the State of the Union address. 		Note: The "wall" has not begun being built and Trump hasn't gotten the money to do it
Pres Trump also said: "The United States cannot continue to be the policeman of the world...It’s not fair when the burden is all on us, the United States...We are spread out all over the world. We are in countries most people haven’t even heard about. Frankly, it’s ridiculous.”
Trump described how he gave “the generals” multiple six month “extensions” got get out of Syria. Trump said: “They said again, recently, can we have more time? I said, ‘Nope.’ You can’t have any more time. You’ve had enough time. We’ve knocked them out. We’ve knocked them silly."
Asked why he wanted to come to Iraq, Trump told reporters before a meeting with military leaders on base: “It’s a place I have been talking about for many years, many many years,” he said. “I was talking about it as a civilian."
President Trump and FLOTUS spent about 3 hours at Al-Asad Air Base in western Iraq visiting troops and military leaders.
President Trump and the First Lady went to a dining hall and walked around greeting troops, taking selfies, signing autographs. They got a standing ovation when they walked in.
More details from Pres Trump’s visit to Iraq: Pres Trump said that ISIS is “very nearly defeated” and the caliphate is gone, but if ISIS were to have a resurgence that the troops in Iraq would be able to combat it.
RT @jeneps: My run through of the three-plus hours President Trump spend on the ground in Iraq during his first trip to visit combat troops…
.@dsupervilleap is traveling with Pres Trump and has lot of details.  Air Force One flew overnight landing at an airbase west of Baghdad under the cover of darkness Wednesday evening. It is his first visit with troops stationed in a troubled region. https://t.co/jEb8D9FCln
RT @jeneps: Trump used his visit to Iraq to defend pulling U.S. forces from Syria. “It’s time for us to start using our head. We don’t want…
This is the first time President Trump has visited U.S. troops in a war zone. https://t.co/SsXJhOjwMX
NEW: "President Trump and the First Lady traveled to Iraq late on Christmas night to visit with our troops and Senior Military leadership to thank them for their service, their success, and their sacrifice and to wish them a Merry Christmas."
A reminder on Christmas: Sources at DHS have consistently said to me that people either build ramps to drive over the fence or tunnels do go under. But, the majority of undocumented people over stay visas and come through legal ports of entry, I’m told.
President Trump said: “Now there may be the case of an Olympic champion who can get over the wall but for the most part you are not able to do it. Very high. It’s gonna be 30 feet. Much of it is 30 feet high. Some if it’s low. But in some areas we have it as high as 30 feet.”
President Trump wanted 2,000 miles of wall. Today he said: “It’s my hope to have this done, completed — all 500 to 550 miles — to have it either renovated or brand new by election time.”
After years of demanding a wall, Pres Trump is moving his goals. A key quote today: “ I can’t tell you when the government is going to reopen…. [Not until] we have a wall, a fence, whatever they’d like to call it. I’ll call it whatever they want. But it’s all the same thing.”
RT @samsanders: This Christmas, more than 14,000 migrant toddlers, children and teens will be in detention centers and residential faciliti…
Working on Christmas Eve. https://t.co/cZV6egU4EI
RT @chucktodd: Attacking the press these days from the right is the lazy go-to deflection for conservatives who have run out of ways to def…
RT @costareports: Some Sanders allies have knives out for O'Rourke... https://t.co/2TGKD3306g
RT @costareports: A prominent Republican strategist confides, uneasily, today to WashPost: "Can you imagine if the Democrats were able to c…
RT @nathanielcline: Virginia state Sen. Black introduces bill to allow guns in places of worship: “Existing Virginia law is ambiguous about…
RT @ZekeJMiller: “Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, not the president, notified Mattis of the decision, said a senior administration official…
RT @jacobsoboroff: Trump just tweeted *again* his wall is “the only way to stop drugs.” 		Not even close.		Vast majority of fentanyl fuelin…
RT @chucktodd: So shoving Mattis out earlier in what is clearly the result of a tantrum isn’t going to fix his problems with Senate GOPers.…
@IAmSophiaNelson @akasorority1908 Thanks for having us! We can’t wait to hang again.
RT @MeetThePress: Is DACA for the wall still a deal that could happen? #MTP		@SenatorDurbin: "I touched that hot stove back in February. Th…
RT @MeetThePress: .@SenatorDurbin on Sec. of Defense Mattis' resignation: "It obviously reached a breaking point... it breaks my heart that…
.@SenatorDurbin tells @chucktodd this about General Mattis: “It breaks my heart that he is going to step aside.”
.@SenatorDurbin makes it clear that he thinks Trump owns this government shutdown.
Pres Trump might face tough time over his next Defense Secretary. @SenToomey tells @chucktodd he usually defers to presidents’ choices but says: This one is going to be tough...I’m going to be looking for a Secretary of Defense that has a traditional view of America’s global role
.@SenToomey tells @chucktodd that senators should speak up when they disagree with President Trump. “We don’t report to the president.”
.@SenToomey talking with  @chucktodd about Gen Mattis’s resignation. “The greatest asset we have is that most people want to be allies with us...I don’t think the president shares that view.”
. @SenToomey: “We have an impulsive President, we know that.”
.@SenToomey tells @chucktodd of the shutdown: “It probably gets resolved quickly.”
I’m on @MeetThePress this morning along with @amyewalter, @jejohnson322, and @hughhewitt. Tune in as @chucktodd reports on a wild week of news.
Starts now! https://t.co/qHy9e9puM3
Sarah Sanders: “Due to the shutdown, President Trump will remain in Washington, D.C. and the First Lady will return from Florida so they can spend Christmas together.”
RT @heatherscope: Pence exits Schumer’s office:		“We’re still talking.”		Do you expect a deal before Christmas?		“We’ll keep you posted.”
The senior administration official also said, “What the Democrats have put forward is something that is unacceptable.” Translation: Buckle up cause this could be a long shutdown that lasts past the holidays.
The Trump administration official also made it clear that Pres Trump wants to be seen as fulfilling a promise to his base. He said that the “number one promise (Trump made as a candidate) was to secure the border....that’s what this is all about.”
The call with reporters was just a check in to make it clear that President Trump still wants $5 billion and that he believes money for “physical barriers” must be included in any deal.
Senior administration just wrapped a call about the shutdown where he said these exact words while demanding Dems give President Trump $5 billion: “Mexico will pay for the wall.”
To be clear, the president is having a shutdown lunch with all republicans. https://t.co/QPBQCm6Wik
Reminder: The Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Homeland Security, Housing and Urban Development, Interior — which includes national parks — Justice, State, Transportation and Treasury are all affected by the shutdown.
RT @NewsHour: A new law of the land today is meant to address two central tenets of American life: freedom and justice. In the last 40 year…
RT @NewsHour: "The president is completely dug in on this demand to have $5 billion for a border wall," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruff. https…
Reminder: Construction on the president's wall hasn't started. 		DHS said today they could use the $5 billion to construct parts of the wall and replacements to fencing along along 215 miles of border. https://t.co/5hIU9Q4OuL
First Lady Melania Trump is not cancelling her Christmas plans, according to @StephGrisham45. "It has long been the family’s tradition to spend their Christmas holiday at Mar-a-Lago. Her plans to travel w/ her son to their FL home for his winter break have not changed this year."
RT @mitchellreports: .@Yamiche: its tough to say who is going to have the most impact on the President, because he has worn all sorts of ha…
Some movement. https://t.co/sG0DEcCLiN
NEW: iAmerica, a SEIU project, plans to start running these ads at midnight against President Trump if there is a government shutdown. https://t.co/0IY8ZsYeHW
A non Trump story that is insane. https://t.co/2J9TYhEhIR
RT @jodikantor: What kind of surgeon did Justice Ginsburg choose? A woman who broke barriers. https://t.co/6j6vmyQuOM
RT @MikeScarcella: SCOTUS -- voting 5-4 -- won't block California judge's ruling against Trump asylum ban. Order just issued: https://t.co/…
RT @mkraju: Exact words out of Putin’s mouth this week: “If the decision to withdraw was made, then it is a correct one.” https://t.co/lzND…
My goodness. https://t.co/U1jNBpfHzr
RT @abbydphillip: Spotted so far at the White House: McConnell, Shelby, Lee, Collins, Grassley, Murkowski, and Daines.
@mtill50 Hahaha. Perfect.
RT @GlennKesslerWP: NEW --&gt; President Trump has made 7,546 false or misleading claims over 700 days https://t.co/wW711Mxj49
Sarah Sanders: “President Trump will meet with Senate Republicans this morning at 10:30 to discuss the Funding Bill and the importance of Border Security.”
Sarah Sanders: "Secretary Mattis has served the president and with the president for two years....They agree to disagree at times."
RT @JudyWoodruff: who could replace Mattis at Defense? https://t.co/FaZoFUoNl3
Senator Chuck Schumer: "President Trump is plunging the country into chaos...President Trump is throwing a temper tantrum."
RT @NewsHour: "The president wants a deal that's going to make him look strong, and he wants $5 billion for a border wall," @Yamiche tells…
Nancy PelosI: "The president is doing everything he can to shut the government down."
Nancy Pelosi: The president of the United States prefers to have the government shutdown.
Steven Miller says if there is a shutdown President Trump will remain in Washington, D.C. and not start his vacation in Florida.
RT @CillizzaCNN: Secretary of State: Gone	Secretary of Defense: Gone	Secretary of Interior: Gone	Secretary of HHS: Gone	EPA Administrator:…
RT @abbydphillip: Stephen Miller talking right now on CNN about how ISIS is the enemy of “other countries.” This would be news to the Penta…
RT @Elizabeth_McLau: Mattis' resignation letter is dated today &amp; says his last day will be Feb. 28, 2019. "Because you have the right to ha…
RT @Elizabeth_McLau: Defense Secretary James Mattis has resigned. Here’s the letter: https://t.co/e2PulyXpXZ
General Mattis is out. https://t.co/MlEjdaS0qc
RT @HallieJackson: .@POTUS: “I’ve made my position very clear: any measure that funds the government must include border security.”
A transcript of what Reps Paul Ryan and Kevin McCarthy said while at the White House. https://t.co/yYF5CmPXBN
From Sarah Sanders. https://t.co/u7gk4EzFjQ
Trump won't sign current funding bill, Ryan says	https://t.co/RSoeQrUAjy
The DNC says it will have 12 presidential primary debates over the course of the 2020 cycle, with six debates in 2019 and six in 2020. The first two debates will be in June and July 2019. After a break in August, there will be one debate per month for the rest of 2019.
@abbydphillip And this is why @abbydphillip is amazing. She has answers for EVERYTHING.
RT @JakeSherman: I am now told that the following people are going to the White House:		Paul Ryan	Kevin McCarthy	Mark Meadows	Jim Jordan
Also, why is the goal $1 billion and not the $5 billion President Trump says he needs? https://t.co/tHdkP2O6gR
RT @HallieJackson: Coming up on the show next: @GarrettHaake @kwelkernbc @SykesCharlie @repdonnaedwards @Yamiche @AaronBlake @SenAngusKing…
👀 https://t.co/X2oVSeylOX
The statement suggests North Korea will eventually demand the United States withdraw or significantly reduce the 28,500 American troops stationed in South Korea, a major sticking point in any disarmament deal. https://t.co/MuQYdYaIHv
President Trump is claiming Russia isn’t happy with the US withdrawing troops from Syria. But this morning, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, “On this, Donald is right. I agree with him.” https://t.co/EHZs7f7mT6
On @Morning_Joe from 7 to 8 today. Tune in!
This terrifying to read. 		Is Denaturalization the Next Front in the Trump Administration’s War on Immigration? 		https://t.co/5j2kGz52Bo
RT @pbump: Again, the argument that Mexico paid for the wall through the revamped trade deal is unfounded. https://t.co/a86EsKJpyg
RT @abbydphillip: Kellyanne Conway on Fox: "He's willing to do what he has to do to get that border security, including a government shutdo…
RT @nytimes: 1. Facebook deals in data	2. Facebook’s largest partners got far more access than Cambridge Analytica did	3. Facebook never di…
RT @JakeSherman: Very cool to join @JudyWoodruff on @NewsHour https://t.co/iQGQrKv0pW
RT @NewsHour: "The president is indicating that he is willing to give up on his initial demand to have $5 billion for the border wall," @Ya…
RT @mattloff: President Trump is "indicating that he is willing to give up on his demand for $5 billion for the border wall." But there is…
RT @JudyWoodruff: what's happened to President Trump's pledge of a wall on the U.S southern border? and will there be a government shutdown…
Pres Trump was asked by reporter about avoiding a government shutdown. He said, "We'll see what happens. It's too early to say."	 	Then reporter asked, are you still willing to shut down government for	$5 billion? He said: "We need border security."		Per pooler @linda_feldmann
And at 2:21 p.m. Sarah Sanders says the WH briefing is over because President Trump is about to speak at a roundtable discussion on the Federal Commission on School Safety report.
Sarah Sanders taking shots at Rep Nancy Pelosi: "I would never use Nancy Pelosi as the legal source on anything."
Sarah Sanders just said President Trump is not asking tax payers to pay for the wall on the border of Mexico but she literally just said she is asking federal agencies to look for money to pay for the wall.
Sarah Sanders starts the WH briefing at 2:06 and says she has to rush because the president as a pool spray at 2:15 p.m.
A must read: An opioid epidemic nobody talks about. DC saw 279 people die of opioid overdoses last year, a figure that surpassed the city’s homicides. https://t.co/j4uA2EmKtt
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: The sentencing of Michael Flynn, President Trump’s ex-national security adviser, was delayed as the judge expre…
Note: Sarah Sanders told Fox News that the president would find the $5 billion for the wall somewhere other than this upcoming spending bill so that’s President Trump backing down from what he told Sen Schumer and Rep Pelosi. https://t.co/qdodFVluN0
I’m on @Morning_Joe from 6-7 a.m. Tune in!
RT @kasie: Another example of Pelosi’s strength within her caucus and her shrewd navigation of the progressive pressure on her. Will be int…
RT @nhannahjones: Thank you for this, @AshleyAtTimes @kitastew. Many are lucky enough not to know how much stress poor people are under, ho…
RT @nytimes: In two weeks, congressional Democrats will return to Washington with the authority to investigate the White House. How far wil…
RT @costareports: He heads to Iowa this week... https://t.co/j3hiDnvLwm
RT @CarolLeonnig: WashPost obtains Senate report showing 2 dramatic things. 	1. Russia worked every social media lever it could to push fal…
RT @jdawsey1: Trump is planning to go to Mar-a-Lago for 16 days around Christmas, per Palm Beach Post. https://t.co/APOohMbNHQ
RT @kasie: NEWS: House passes sexual harassment bill to require members of Congress to pay sexual harassment settlements out of their own p…
RT @AprilDRyan: Melania Trump's poll numbers plummet	https://t.co/PvkwgtTFhR
Trump cancels White House Christmas party for the press https://t.co/Ie5s4yr1PX #FoxNews
On @Morning_Joe this morning until 7 am. Tune in!
RT @KenDilanianNBC: Wow: The National Enquirer's parent company has admitted to prosecutors that it made the $150,000 payment in "concert w…
RT @politico: An flurry of 2020 campaign announcements is expected in January and Democratic presidential prospects are rushing to prepare…
Michael Cohen sentenced to 36 months in prison.
RT @nytimes: Gunman Opens Fire in Brazilian Cathedral, Killing at Least 4 https://t.co/jZfVmSFqr7
RT @Public_Ade: Thread? Thread. I want to speak with you about Javion, a resilient and kind 16-year-old black boy whose struggle to read wa…
RT @kseelye: The long road back after your overdose is caught on camera, goes viral and is available online forever. A close look by @julie…
RT @ryanstruyk: This is a genius piece from @RonBrownstein. The Trump/GOP base isn't whites. It's white evangelicals. https://t.co/d4ityAc4…
RT @nytmike: Even after Flynn’s filing here tonight we still don’t have an answer to one of the central questions of the Russia investigati…
RT @ZekeJMiller: WASHINGTON (AP) — An Associated Press investigation finds President Donald Trump's daughter and son-in law stand to benefi…
RT @bridgetbhc: “I’m in survival mode again.” GM workers grapple with news of plant shutdowns https://t.co/GNDWmSP4In via @NewsHour @Yamich…
RT @jeffmason1: EXCLUSIVE - @realDonaldTrump says he relied on Michael Cohen, who should have known what to do about payments to women. "Nu…
RT @NewsHour: "The president thinks a government shutdown will help him politically," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruff. https://t.co/cdQl7V7AT9
I’ll be on @hardball in a few seconds! Tune in!
Note: I interviewed senior citizens in a gated Florida retirement community who told me they were worried that the caravan was going to bring deadly diseases to America. Even without any evidence that immigrants will bring "communicable diseases," people believe the Pres Trump. https://t.co/jHDb4Odvsh
President Trump: “I could’ve debated Chuck Schumer for a long period of time."
President Trump called the meeting with Schumer and Pelosi “very friendly” and said he “respects them both.”  He adds of shutdown: “I don’t mind owning that issue...If we have to close down the country over border security I actually like that."
Pelosi said: "Fox News was saying, ‘She doesn’t want the public to know.’  No, I don’t want the public to see how wrong – no evidence, no data, no facts, no truth to what he says – should we be contradicting him in front of the press? Well, that’s what I told the President."
An aide also tells me that Pelosi in meeting with members said, "But the fact is we did get him to say, to fully own that the shutdown was his. That was an accomplishment."
An aide also tells me that Pelosi in meeting with members said, "It was so wild.  It goes to show you: you get into a tinkle contest with a skunk, you get tinkle all over you. You can’t let him take you down that path." https://t.co/YShnUJrkL7
Confirmed from an aide: After Pelosi left the WH, she returned to the Capitol and spoke to members at a meeting of the Steering and Policy Committee and said this about Trump: "It’s like a manhood thing for him.  As if manhood could ever be associated with him.  This wall thing."
RT @JesseRodriguez: NBC News: 1 dead, 6 injured in shooting near Christmas market in Strasbourg, France
RT @rachaelmbade: .@NancyPelosi returned from the WH meeting with the president today and went STRAIGHT for the most sensitive part of Trum…
RT @MurreyJacobson: Watch our piece with @Yamiche about the concerns and anxiety for laid off GM workers and what comes next for them @News…
RT @EnnisNYT: “People don’t realize how dangerous it is for journalists around the world to cover their communities.” Given Time announceme…
ACLU on Trump-Dem meeting: "Trump’s petulant performance in the Oval Office today shows his negotiating position for what it really is: one of a president so obsessed with his wasteful, unnecessary border wall that he promised ... to withhold paychecks from .. federal workers." https://t.co/DEZUYq7GnB
ACLU on First Step Act Act: "This bill makes modest but important improvements to our criminal justice system. It has the votes to pass, and we urge senators to move it forward now without negotiations that would water the bill down further."
I'm rewatching the meeting between Trump, Schumer &amp; Pelosi. 		Nancy Pelosi literally clapped back at President Trump when Trump suggested she couldn't speak candidly. She reminded Trump that Dems will control the House		Note: Clapback is in the dictionary. https://t.co/DcvVqgTpEA
I remember being on @MeetThePress when this happened and I was stunned. https://t.co/c9FgoZt59X
RT @LisaDNews: Me to @Vp: "What did you think of that meeting?"		Smiles.		I repeat qstn.		Pence: "it was a good discussion".		CNN's @tedbar…
Rep Nancy Pelosi and Sen Chuck Schumer keep it much shorter than Sarah Sanders: “We gave the president two options that would keep the government open.  It’s his choice to accept one of those options or shut the government down.” https://t.co/S3BVMWp3Y2
Sarah Sanders on Trump-Schumer-Pelosi meeting: President Trump had a "constructive dialogue" w/ Schumer and Pelosi. Adds that they agreed to support criminal justice bill and discussed Farm Bill.  "Major disagreement remains on the issue of border security and transparency." https://t.co/EfY4WMM89a
The summation of today: After shouting matches, we are where we were yesterday. Both Sen Schumer and Leader Pelosi say they will only offer Pres Trump the same amount of money for border security as last year ($1.3 billion). Trump says he is happy to shut down the govt.
RT @ZekeJMiller: Schumer outside the White House: "This temper tantrum that he seems to throw will not get him his wall."
Senator Schumer at the WH said President Trump and federal government has only spent about 6% of the border security money that Congress gave them last year. He added that the govt should first spend what they got before asking for the $5 billion Trump wants for the wall.
I asked Leader Pelosi and Sen Schumer just now at WH whether they were able to have the “evidence based” conversation that Pelosi repeatedly said she wanted to have with Trump. Both gave me stern looks and Pelosi said, “That’s another subject.” I’ll take that as a no from both.
Reminder: 		A government shutdown would impact: Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Justice, Homeland Security, Interior, State, Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, as well as several smaller agencies. 		https://t.co/FHeCwUlhmC
It is clear that Pres Trump believes he has the political capital to shut down the govt over one of his signature issues: The wall and immigration. He is betting that criminalizing immigrants and pitting them against Americans benefits him politically even with a shutdown.
Pres. Trump: "I am proud to shut down the government for border security...I will be the one of shutdown the government."		Trump adds that he won't blame Democrats for the shutdown if he shuts down for border security.
Trump: "Nancy is in a situation where it is not easy for her to talk."		Pelosi quickly defended herself: Please don't mischaracterize the strength I bring as the leader of the House Dems who just had a big victory.		Pelosi adds, "We need to have an evidence based conversation."
President Trump repeatedly interrupted and talked over Nancy Pelosi as she made the case that they should continue debating in private and not in front of reporters.		Pelosi: This is not transparency when we can't agree on the same set of facts.		Trump: "We need border security."
Chuck: "We want to do what we did last year...Let's debate in private."		Trump: "See we get along...We need border security and the wall is part of border security."
Trump talking over Pelosi: "We need border security. We need border security."		Nancy Pelosi: "Of course we do."		Trump: "We need the wall....Chuck did you want to say something?"		Chuck: The WaPo gives you pinocchios for misstatements on the wall.
Nancy Pelosi: I don't think we should have a debate in front of reporters...There are no votes for a wall.		Trump: If I needed the votes in the House I would have them...I need 10 Democratic Senators but I can't get it.
President Trump in meeting: "We are going to talk about the wall...And I'll tell you it's a tough issue because we are on opposite sides."
Reporters are watching the playback now. 		President Trump said: I'd like to not have a government shutdown but border security is a top priority.		"Border security is extremely important and we have to take care of border security," Trump said.
White House reporters coming out of the meeting between President Trump, Senator Chuck Schumer and Rep Nancy Pelosi look stunned. I'm told all three were yelling at each other, sparring openly and accusing each other of mischaracterizing comments.
RT @vmsalama: Incredible argument unfolding now in front of the press between trump, Pelosi and Schumer over votes for border security. Pel…
RT @W7VOA: Speaking to pool reporters, @POTUS says he also doesn't want to see a government shutdown but border security is important.
RT @W7VOA: There probably won't be agreement today with @TheDemocrats on border funding, @POTUS tells reporters while @NancyPelosi says the…
RT @MarshallCohen: Republican senators shrug as Trump is implicated in Cohen's crimes 	HATCH: "Okay, but I don't care"	GRASSLEY: "Cohen's a…
This month, GM announced it was laying off thousands of workers and stopping production at 5 plants. I went to Michigan and Ohio to talk to people impacted. Here are their stories: https://t.co/8S19wYYXwP
RT @kenvogel: SCOOP: @RudyGiuliani is negotiating a security contract with the DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO through an Israeli firm that wa…
My latest. https://t.co/Isu05VqIuH
RT @Emma_Dumain: After Thomas Farr, Senate Republicans show few signs they're about to make a change about who they nominate for judges. W/…
RT @NewsHour: Defying fierce opposition from the U.S. and a few other nations, nearly 85 percent of U.N. member states agreed Monday on a s…
I'm already exhausted by 2020.		Town hall? 120 people. Live-streamed chicken dinner? 257,000 views on Facebook https://t.co/YaY2Y2fE77
RT @NYTnickc: ICYMI: Our dive into the embattled mayor of Atlantic City: 		Missing campaign funds	A tiny nonprofit suddenly flush with cash…
RT @jeremyherb: New from CNN's preeminent Russia investigation expert, @MarshallCohen: At least 16 Trump associates had contacts with Russi…
Congrats @IAmAmnaNawaz! https://t.co/33ViErS8JA
RT @NewsHour: President Donald Trump is in denial when it comes to the Russia investigation and other scandals besieging him. https://t.co/…
'I can't breathe.' Jamal Khashoggi's last words disclosed in transcript, source says - CNN https://t.co/bmaDtNvn99
Trump also said: “On the Mueller situation, we’re very happy with what we are reading because there was no collusion whatsoever. The last thing I want is help from Russia on a campaign.” He added, it is a “very one-sided situation but I think it’s all turning around very nicely.”
More from President Trump: “John Kelly will be leaving – I don’t know if I can say ‘retiring.’ But, he’s a great guy...He’s been with me almost two years now...John Kelly will be leaving toward the end of the year, at the end of the year.”
RT @KellyO: The president flatly denied to me that he ever “directed” Cohen to commit any illegal acts. “No. No”
President Trump just now: “John Kelly will be leaving toward the end of the year.”		Trump added that Kelly is “a great guy.” 		“We’ll be announcing who will be taking John’s place” over the next day or two, Trump said.
RT @NewsHour: “She's someone who has a lot of experience in journalism. I'm told today that President Trump appointed her because she's a g…
RT @nytmike: This line from Mueller's filing on Cohen may tell us more about how the special counsel's office sees the world than anything…
RT @NewsHour: "I'm told today" President Trump nominated Heather Nauert to be U.S. ambassador to the United Nations "because she's a good t…
RT @HallieJackson: The Manafort filing says the former Trump campaign chair was in touch w/administration officials as recently as this yea…
RT @PhilipRucker: Cohen threatened a journalist who was investigating a negative story about Trump: "Tread very fucking lightly, because wh…
RT @NewsHour: NEWS ALERT from @AP: Man who drove car into counterprotesters at white nationalist rally in Virginia convicted of first-degre…
RT @LisaDNews: COMEY:	1. I'll be back Dec. 17 for more testimony.	2. This could have been in open session.	3. You'll see we are talking abo…
RT @CBSNews: Former FBI Director James Comey speaks after giving testimony: "I think [Bill Barr] will serve the Justice Department well..."…
Ouch. https://t.co/RWeMx7lss0
RT @kaitlancollins: John Kelly is expected to resign soon, I'm told. Trump and Kelly are essentially at a stalemate in their relationship a…
Just confirmed with a WH source that President Donald Trump has decided to nominate State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert to replace departing United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley.
RT @HeidiNBC: Number of uninsured children in America grows for the first time in nearly a decade 	"The reversal is unprecedented, particul…
RT @abbydphillip: Trump has cancelled plans for a press conference in Buenos Aires today. https://t.co/lyB7PMamVZ
RT @jemelehill: Here’s what I’m not gone do today: Debate the instances in which it’s acceptable to hit a woman.
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: George H.W. Bush is dead at 94. His one-term presidency during the turbulent era at the end of the Cold War cap…
Ex-Dallas police officer indicted for murder after shooting black neighbor https://t.co/8rdgD4Fm7n via @USATODAY
RT @UpshotNYT: Gerrymandering, thy name is North Carolina.	https://t.co/7fYDFLqIhm
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: President Trump canceled his planned meeting with President Vladimir Putin, citing Russia’s unresolved naval st…
RT @JudyWoodruff: today's White House press briefing with @SarahHuckabee - the first in almost a month - ran smoothly, no fireworks, report…
RT @NewsHour: "The president is making it abundantly clear that he is not happy with General Motors," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruff. She exp…
RT @jdawsey1: Trump on climate change: “One of the problems that a lot of people like myself, we have very high levels of intelligence but…
And the press briefing is over and went off as per usual despite new rules.
Sarah Sanders said President Trump is "not concerned" about the Mueller investigation and the special prosecutor's future report. She adds that it is a "witch hunt."
Sarah Sanders calls on @Acosta and allows follow up Q's. 		Seems like things are back to normal at the briefings.
Sarah Sanders reiterates that President Trump is disappointed that GM is having layoffs. She says, "They are making a car that frankly people don't want to buy."
Sarah Sanders says she expects Mexican officials to iron out details of a deal that would make immigrants stay in Mexico while they apply for asylum in the U.S.
Sarah Sanders says law enforcement officials used appropriate force on border. She said that no one wants women or children to get teargassed.
Larry Kudlow keeps repeating a slogan from the president's campaign rallies: "Promises made, promises kept."
Larry Kudlow: Is it free trade if there is clear evidence of illegal trading practices are being used by China?
Larry Kudlow says that he talked to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors Company, yesterday and expressed his disappointment about the layoffs. Kudlow says Barra told him workers might be able to be moved to other plants in other states.
Larry Kudlow on China: "Our economy is in good shape. Theirs is not."
Larry Kudlow: "Most observers believe China to be in a slump...The president said there is a good possibility that we can make a deal."		He adds that the president will also be happy to stand on his tariff policies.
Larry Kudlow says there will be dinner meeting between President Trump and President Xi Jinping. He says they will talk about trade among other things.
Sarah Sanders says President Trump will have several bilateral meetings at the G20 including the president of Argentina and the president of Russia.
Starting any minute now... https://t.co/BZsXjbBFLe
RT @TimOBrien: Trade war fallout: The number of farms filing for bankruptcy is increasing across the Upper Midwest, following low prices fo…
Noe we're pushed back to a 1:20 p.m. start.
I'm here at the first White House press briefing this month. 		It's also the first briefing since these new rules were enacted. https://t.co/rEoyyBTDSh
RT @mitchellreports: .@Yamiche: I was struck by the fact that President Trump out on the campaign trail started to talk about Brett Kavanau…
President Trump: "We are going very strongly for funding for the wall...Tomorrow's election is about safety and it's about jobs."
President Trump continues hardline immigration rhetoric saying: "Democrats have become the party of caravans and crime...We don't want those people in Mississippi."
I do really want to run against a true socialist, President Trump says.
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith says: I will continue to stand up for the conservative values of Mississippi. 		She adds, "That is what is on the ballot to tomorrow."
President Trump just welcomed Senator Lindsey Graham to rally stage. 		Graham says, "Are you ready to vote?...When Kavanaugh needed your senator, she was there...If you like Kavanaugh, there is more coming...Let's win tomorrow."
"Are we doing OK on the border folks?" Trump asks.		Crowd goes wild and chants: "Build that wall."		Trump responds that he has "nasty looking wire" at the fence on the border.
President Trump now naming many of the races where Republicans won during the midterms. "For the most part we are doing great," he says.
President Trump now says he was told he looked like Elvis as a child.
President Trump just walked out of Air Force One and into a rally for Mississippi Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith. He continues to use Air Force One as a prop at rallies.
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Trump campaigns for Hyde-Smith ahead of Mississippi Senate runoff. https://t.co/cXt89uRH5S
Pres Trump again said that other presidents separated immigrant families. Fact Check: No other president has systematically separated immigrant families  as a way to deter immigration. Also, we still don’t know exactly how many kids were separated and how many remain that way.
RT @OnPointRadio: Up online now, the Hour 1 podcast: A look at our world and the week ahead.		@PaulaReidCBS, @michaelcrowley and @Yamiche j…
President Trump also continued to defend his immigration policies after women and children were tear gassed at the border.
President Trump also said GM better find a way to make cars that sell and that he’s disappointed that GM is having layoffs and making plants idle.
I just asked President Trump at the WH what he thought about Senator Hyde-Smith’s comments about attending a public hanging and voter suppression and he said that he had talked to her about them and that she has apologized and expressed her regret to him personally.
President Trump says he “doesn’t believe” that there will be devastating economic impacts to climate change even though his own administration put out the scientific report.
RT @OnPointRadio: @PaulaReidCBS @michaelcrowley @Yamiche @davidfolkenflik "There's this idea that we're closing down the borde ... but let'…
Thanks Eddie! Happy I was *very* clear that I wasn’t disagreeing with you but rather adding to your point. https://t.co/P2AYvSl9Qo
RT @PeterAlexander: Conspiracy theorist &amp; Roger Stone ally, Jerome Corsi confirms @NBCNews he’s in plea negotiations with Robert Mueller.	C…
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Grateful for my husband, my family and friends, and the right and responsibility the to ask any question the public wants answered. 🦃🍁
I’ll be on @DeadlineWH on @MSNBC in a few minutes. Tune in!
RT @nytimes: Updated: A complete list of the people, places and things Donald Trump has insulted on Twitter https://t.co/1vOUghEB4F
RT @samstein: EXCLUSIVE -- Sean Parker is the biggest funder of Cindy Hyde-Smith's super PAC. His spox tells @lachlan he denounces her publ…
RT @maggieNYT: In addition to Whitaker’s $1.2 million personal haul, he may have violated the Hatch Act by taking donations from three poli…
RT @AprilDRyan: Legitimate and respectful question and this is the response.  I continue to do my job! https://t.co/5bMci7Xfha
RT @nytmike: Updated version of story w/@maggieNYT confirms CNN reporting on how Trump repeatedly pressed DOJ officials — including acting…
RT @washingtonpost: Analysis: A turkey has spent more time on-camera in the briefing room this month than the press secretary https://t.co/…
RT @nytmike: EXCLUSIVE: White House lawyers warned the president in a memo that he could be impeached if he tried to get the Justice Depart…
RT @peterbakernyt: White House @PressSec on court asylum ruling: "This temporary injunction is yet another example of activist judges impos…
Just got this text from Rudy Giuliani: "The Special Counsel has been provided with more than 30 witnesses, 1.4 million pages of material, and now the President's written responses to questions. It is time to bring this inquiry to a conclusion." https://t.co/BKaB4QHxOe
RT @jdawsey1: “It is what it is,” Potus says of Khashoggi killing and Saudi Arabia while leaving the White House.
Rep. Fudge wrote a support letter as Lance Mason prepared to plead guilty to beating his wife, Aisha Fraser, so severely in 2014 that she required plastic surgery. Mason, Fudge wrote, was “a good man who made a very bad mistake.” Now, Fraser is dead. https://t.co/prAGPuLyHd
Timely. https://t.co/QifexSdz9N
Pres Trump is also mentioning unproven claims that some will clearly take as him attacking Jamal Khashoggi in death: Reps of Saudi Arabia say that "Khashoggi was an 'enemy of the state' and a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, but my decision is in no way based on that ..."
This statement sounds like President Trump had a heavy hand in writing it personally. The use of exclamation points is telling like here: "The Crown Prince had knowledge of this tragic event – maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!"
Pres Trump on Saudi Arabia and murder of Jamal Khashoggi: "The world is a very dangerous place! ... The United States intends to remain a steadfast partner of Saudi Arabia to ensure the interests of our country, Israel and all other partners in the region." https://t.co/Ppa7zXx3ls
RT @itscaitlinhd: Some thoughts on reporting the story about sexual harassment and assault against female prison workers, and how years of…
This is very true. https://t.co/4DvDKvGpmg
RT @MSNBC: Walmart is "requesting a refund" from the campaign of Republican Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith over her "public hanging" remark amid run…
RT @PhilipRucker: Haitian immigrants revived America’s turkey town — and this Thanksgiving together might be their last, @damianpaletta wri…
RT @CarolLeonnig: Trump family now bracing for House Dem investigation into Ivanka Trump's use of private emails after our story   https://…
I’ll be on @MSNBC talking on @hardball in a few minutes!
Ivanka Trump sent hundreds of emails last year to White House aides, Cabinet officials and her assistants using a personal account, many of them in violation of federal records rules, according to The Washington Post. https://t.co/Cq0qlsJKYb
RT @NBCNews: White House reverses course, will no longer try to take CNN correspondent's press pass. https://t.co/bk0vVz6YNg
My latest: Former First Lady Michelle Obama's book tour feels like a concert held on your couch. She brought lessons about becoming the best version of yourself while valuing self-care and serving society when she stopped Saturday in Washington, D.C.  https://t.co/avZZ4D9JxX
RT @cbudoffbrown: New @wesleysmorgan SCOOP: The Pentagon is set to begin a drawdown of its 5,800 troops from the Southwest border as early…
New rules by the White House on reporters asking questions. https://t.co/ji6rW1dvLD
China has risen so quickly that your chances of improving your station in life there vastly exceed those in the United States. https://t.co/wXBKJiM4sD
RT @ZoeTillman: NEW: CNN has filed a status report asking the court to once again intervene after the White House told Jim Acosta late Frid…
RT @nhannahjones: So important. https://t.co/e1ckXHvVoj
RT @jimsciutto: What may be most notable about the President's attack on McRaven is that it is not new but fits a pattern he established wi…
White House officials sent @Acosta a letter stating that his pass is set to be suspended again once the restraining order expires: https://t.co/6NwmzEalYP
RT @michaelluo: .⁦@jelani9⁩ on Lucy McBath:  “The plague of gun violence and the intransigence of the gun lobby in the face of it have ofte…
RT @PoliticsWolf: Rejected absentee ballots in Georgia's gubernatorial race were disproportionately located in counties that Democrat Stace…
RT @carriesheffield: Join us 5pm + 5:30pmET tonight @MSNBC for #PoliticsNation w/host @TheRevAl on #FloridaRecount, @POTUS, midterms, etc.…
RT @chucktodd: Joining me on @meetthepress this morning: @LindseyGrahamSC and @SherrodBrown		Plus, @Yamiche, @HallieJackson, @JohnJHarwood…
RT @CNNSotu: .@jaketapper: “Do you think there was deliberate interference in the election?”		Former Georgia governor candidate @staceyabra…
.@SenSherrodBrown tells @chucktodd he and his family are still weighing whether to run for president.
Senator Sherrod Brown gives a fiery defense to @chucktodd of his saying that Brian Kemp of GA “stole” the election from Stacey Abrams. Brown says Kemp’s actions —purging etc—were “clearly an effort to suppress the vote.”
RT @JonLemire: WALLACE:  No interview?		TRUMP:  I think we’ve wasted enough time on this witch hunt and the answer is probably, we’re finis…
Senator Lindsey Graham says President Trump needs to lobby Mitch McConnell to bring First Step Act to the floor. “Put this bill on the floor...We will get 80 votes...The Republicans are the problem here not the Democrats.”
Senator Lindsey Graham tells @chucktodd he has “no intention” of working with MBS   “ever again” after murder of Jamal Khashoggi. He adds, what happened violates every norm of civilized society.
Senator Lindsey Graham tells @chucktodd: The Kavanaugh hearings did a lot of damage to the Senate Judiciary Committee and he hopes the committee can heal and move on.
Senator Lindsey Graham tells @chucktodd he would like to see President Trump nominate a permanent attorney general soon and doesn’t want it to be him. On Matthew Whitaker Graham said:  “I don’t know if he’s the best choice.”
Senator Lindsey Graham tells @chucktodd on @MeetThePress that Robert Mueller should be allowed to finish his investigation and that he hasn’t seen any of indication that Mueller will be impeded or stopped.
Folks, this is who I married. 👀 https://t.co/pLSqVq82vr
My latest. A very brief history of Trump vs the media. https://t.co/TiPKaQg9xf
My latest on set conversation with @JudyWoodruff on @NewsHour. President Trump wants decorum but the White House can often be a disorderly place to work. https://t.co/s51dd1CYYw
The CIA has concluded that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ordered the assassination of journalist Jamal Khashoggi in Istanbul last month, contradicting the Saudi government’s claims that he was not involved in the killing, according to WaPo. https://t.co/QAmKiG26G9
I'll be on @MeetThePress this Sunday talking with ⁦@chucktodd⁩ along with  @JohnJHarwood, @HallieJackson and @RichLowry. https://t.co/KRR3FxWOQL
RT @PhilipRucker: Asked why he didn't go anything to honor veterans on Veterans Day, Trump tells Chris Wallace: "I should have done that, I…
President Trump on Acosta ruling: "People have to behave. We're writing up rules and regulations....Decorum. You can't take three questions and four questions...We want total freedom of the press...But you have to act with respect when you're at the White House..." https://t.co/5JxsaXu2Qw
.@PressSec says there must be "decorum at the White House" for "fair &amp; orderly press conferences." 		Note: Pres Trump often interrupts reporters' q's &amp; reporters must then stand, as I did, &amp; keeping talk to complete q's &amp; get in more q's. 		Not quite orderly but that's the job.
.@NewsHour: "We stand with CNN and support a free and independent press, including at the White House, where journalists selected by their own news organizations must be allowed to do their constitutionally protected work. Those reporters must be free to ask questions..." https://t.co/9cRFRYhH5K
@karaswisher @NBCNews @HallieJackson Great meeting you!
RT @markknoller: Today at the WH: 41 years after his death, purportedly, Elvis is being honored with a Presidential Medal of Freedom. Other…
.@Acosta: “I want to thank all of my colleagues in the press who supported us...Let’s get back to work.”
RT @seungminkim: Judge Kelly was nominated by @realDonaldTrump, confirmed by the Senate on a 94-2 vote last year https://t.co/NG4RBHygEy
Looking forward to seeing @Acosta back at the White House with his hardpass. A judge granted an emergency motion to restore White House access to Acosta—a big but temporary win for CNN and press freedom.
RT @pdmcleod: Judge Kelly says Trump need not ever call on Jim Acosta again, but Acosta is owed due process if his hard pass is going to be…
RT @pdmcleod: Judge says CNN has shown irreparable harm will occur. Says even if CNN sent another reporter, that “does not make the harm to…
Wow https://t.co/5Ob4xaKhLB
RT @Morning_Joe: Congressional districts in Orange County, Calif. in 2016 and in 2018 https://t.co/TWRQ1pPzS4
🗣A must read: This is what happens when you limit birthright citizenship and stir up hate against a certain class of immigrants. The Dominican Republic deported thousands of people with Haitian ancestry and has a brutal history of anti-Haitian racism. https://t.co/weRXx4onPU.
RT @ericbradner: New @CNNPolitics story: Hyde-Smith appears to say it's a "great idea" to make it "a little more difficult" for students at…
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW TODAY: Mueller scored another victory in court when a Trump-appointed judge upheld his indictment against a Russian…
RT @costareports: Exclusive: Democratic Rep. Marcia Fudge says she’s ‘overwhelmed’ by support as she weighs speaker bid  https://t.co/CBZYu…
I’ll be on @MSNBC speaking with @SRuhle in a few minutes. Tune in!
RT @laurenpeikoff: Next on a packed hour of @MSNBC with @SRuhle:	@nickconfessore	@oneunderscore__ 	@profgalloway 	@PattersonNBC 	@evansiegf…
The president seems to still be in a bad mood. https://t.co/NXiqFv5A9k
RT @abbydphillip: Seems obvious, but it's not normal to have a sedative and bone saw at the ready to chop someone up in the event that thin…
RT @NewsHour: "If you ask Nancy Pelosi's team, they say that she's going to be speaker [of the House]," @LisaDNews tells @JudyWoodruff. But…
RT @NewsHour: "Two years ago today, we at the NewsHour lost our beloved Gwen Ifill," @JudyWoodruff says in closing tonight's show. "Even wi…
RT @hardball: Tune in! @Yamiche, @EliStokols, @SusanPage, and @TimOBrien play #Hardball! https://t.co/vshSAR3wAQ
RT @NewsHour: "This could be the most important criminal justice overhaul of a generation, and that's a good thing for President Trump if i…
I’ll be on @MSNBC’s @hardball in two minutes. Tune in!
I’m coming up on @NewsHour in a few minutes to talk about President Trump’s support for the First Step Act and why some Democrats are opposing the bill.
Mira Ricardel is OUT. Sarah Sanders: Ricardel “will continue to support the President as she departs the White House to transition to a new role within the Administration. The President is grateful for Ms. Ricardel’s continued service to the American people...”
President Trump now urging lawmakers on both sides of the aisle to pass the First Step Act. "This is a big breakthrough for a lot of people...I'll be waiting with a pen...It's the right thing to do."
The White House says the following people are at the WH as Pres Trump announces his support for the First Step Act:		Senator Chuck Grassley, IA	Senator Rand Paul, KY	Senator Lindsey Graham, SC	Senator Tim Scott, SC	Senator Mike Lee, UT	Rep Doug Collins, GA	Rep Bob Goodlatte, VA
President Trump says the First Step Act undoes some of the things passed in the 1994 crime bill signed by former President Bill Clinton.
President Trump: We know that maintaining family and community ties is important. We are getting tougher on criminals but we are treating people differently.
President Trump on First Step Act: It's got tremendous support. We are all better off when former inmates can enter society and be productive.
President Trump now speaking from the WH about criminal justice reform. "Did I hear the word bipartisan?...It's a first step but it's a big first step."
RT @seungminkim: Why this matters: Judiciary Committee is 11 Republicans, 10 Democrats. If Flake opposes all of them, it makes it significa…
RT @IAmDanCooney: "We can't expect the world to get better by itself. We have to create something we can leave the next generation." 		— @N…
I went to @NationalAction’s event on the Hill featuring several lawmakers. None of the lawmakers I talked w/ were elated about First Step Act which Pres. Trump plans to support. The main sticking points: federally restoring felon voting rights &amp; retroactive sentence reductions.
Representative Sheila Jackson Lee tells me that she wants sentencing reform added to the First Step Act because she is thinking of the many families whose loved ones are serving extremely long prison sentences for things such as nonviolent drug offenses.
RT @NewsHourWorld: We miss her, and think of her everyday. https://t.co/LiAZeRzyo8
As Pres Trump prepares to support the First Step Act, a criminal justice bill authored by Reps. Doug Collins (R-Ga.) and Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.), several lawmakers on the Hill today have expressed caution about it including Sen Booker who told me he is still negotiating about it
RT @grynbaum: Joint statement on CNN/Acosta lawsuit from AP, Bloomberg, First Look Media, Fox News, Gannett, NBC, NYT, Politico, USA Today,…
RT @jdawsey1: Fox News issues statement supporting CNN in its lawsuit against the White House. "We intend to file an amicus brief with the…
RT @EamonJavers: Sarah Sanders just told me that Deputy National Security Advisor Mira Ricardel still works at the White House this morning…
Gwen Ifill, an amazing journalist and a generous mentor, died two years ago. I miss her a lot. https://t.co/RLkX9shRGD
RT @Morning_Joe: Joining us now: @Yamiche, @nickconfessore, @DorisKGoodwin
RT @NewsHour: Coming soon: @frontlinePBS and @ProPublica investigate a violent neo-Nazi group that’s infiltrating the U.S. military in "Doc…
RT @PhilipRucker: NEW —&gt; Five days of fury: Inside Trump’s Paris temper, election woes and staff upheaval.		My latest with @jdawsey1		https…
@halltoons @abbydphillip @AprilDRyan @co_rapunzel4 @reddroostermann @MaggieJordanACN @laloalcaraz Wow. @halltoons drew @AprilDRyan, @abbydphillip and me. https://t.co/PZfx8Lrpjf
RT @ELLEmagazine: When CNN reporter @abbydphillip's question was called 'stupid' by President Trump, colleagues like @BrookeBCNN, @jaketapp…
White House now saying @Acosta “physically refused to surrender a White House microphone to an intern, so that other reporters might ask their questions.” https://t.co/2SaDfaoR63
RT @PhilipRucker: NEW —&gt; Trump has decided to remove Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, and her departure from the administratio…
RT @washingtonpost: Iowa Rep. Steve King dared a conservative outlet to release audio of him calling immigrants "dirt." It did. https://t.c…
I interviewed Richard Ojeda last month and pressed him on why he voted for Pres Trump and what changed about Trump that made Ojeda no longer support him. His response: Coal was important to my state and people can throw stones at me for voting for Trump. https://t.co/utavfKwbbY
RT @jdawsey1: A lid at 10 AM. Trump will have no movements today, per White House.
RT @JamilSmith: Devah Pager found that employers were more likely to hire a white man, even if he had a felony conviction, than a black man…
RT @NBCNews: Veterans haven't received GI Bill benefits for months due to a series of information technology glitches at the Department of…
RT @jbouie: to repeat a point i have made many times before, there’s never been a serious consensus that racism is bad. rather, it’s been t…
RT @nytimes: North Korea is moving ahead with its ballistic missile program at 16 hidden bases that have been identified in new commercial…
RT @AsteadWesley: Cops in Illinois arrive at shooting scene and kill armed guard working to stop violence, not suspected shooter		Shows how…
RT @peterbakernyt: What should reporters do when the White House punishes a journalist by taking his credential? Some say boycott briefings…
👀 https://t.co/HAi7VzYYyd
A white U.S. senator in Mississippi has praised someone by saying: "If he invited me to a public hanging, I'd be on the front row.” https://t.co/8ZkmysA58x
RT @PhilipRucker: The White House interviewed Matt Whitaker to join Trump’s legal team as an attack dog against Mueller probe. Now he’s in…
RT @jeremyherb: DAG Rosenstein to @LauraAJarrett on Whitaker: "I think he’s a superb choice for attorney general. He certainly understands…
RT @paulwsj: WSJ SCOOP: The FBI is conducting a criminal investigation of a company with ties to acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker (…
Wildfires Kill at Least 5 Trapped in Cars in Northern California https://t.co/kD9U1IU0fA
RT @rebeccaballhaus: NEW: Trump was involved in or briefed on every step of the hush payments arranged by Michael Cohen, telling him of the…
@abbydphillip Definitely more brunch.
I made time to watch #NappilyEverAfter starring @justsanaa and it gave me all the feels. If you’re focusing on self care this weekend, watch it.
@fstockman @abbydphillip Thanks so much Farah! Proud of your work too.
.@AprilDRyan has been covering the White House for several presidents honorably. She’s not a loser. In fact, she’s been winning in her personal and professional lives for a while. She’s a journalist, a mom to great girls, an author of books and a truth teller. We press on.
.@abbydphillip is a smart, professional, and hardworking journalist. Not only was her question to Pres Trump not stupid, it was asked in public service because it’s what people  want to know. We, as journalists, will press on. I’m honored to work and sometimes brunch with Abby.
Say it again. https://t.co/ufLN7am08h
RT @julieturkewitz: When a gunman opened fire at a Last Vegas country music concert, Telemachus Orfanos made it through alive.		Today I spo…
Michelle Obama reveals that she suffered a miscarriage and that both daughters were conceived through in vitro fertilization. She gave herself the shots that are a part of that process because Barack Obama was away serving in the state legislature. https://t.co/lr3Dvj6sek
RT @kylegriffin1: The NRA lashes out at doctors over guns, and doctors respond: "Where are you when I'm having to tell all those families t…
RT @abbydphillip: Keystone XL Pipeline Construction Blocked by Federal Judge https://t.co/Y3ZYDLJLEV
RT @NewsHour: The president "sees immigration as a national security issue, a crisis really. Over and over again, the president has said th…
Omar Jadwat, director of the ACLU’s Immigrants’ Rights Project, on Trump administration new asylum rule: "U.S. law specifically allows individuals to apply for asylum whether or not they are at a port of entry. It is illegal to circumvent that by agency or presidential decree."
Here is the 78 page DOJ and DHS new asylum rule: https://t.co/cBziEqVBiv
Senior Trump administration officials say there have been a "2000%" increase in immigrants claiming credible fear in recent years.
This is President Trump following through with a statement he made last week  from the WH when he described immigrants as dangerous and a threat to Americans across the country.
On a call with reporters senior administration officials said the move was to funnel credible fear claims more quickly and come up with an "efficient" way to process. They said the "vast majority" of people who come to the US claiming credible fear are rejected.
BREAKING: The Trump administration is moving to prohibit people who illegally cross the U.S. border with Mexico from claiming asylum.
RT @jaketapper: “The White House News Photographers Association is appalled to learn that the White House spokesperson may have shared a ma…
RT @CNN: Thanks to the @nytimes editorial board for this. We agree. https://t.co/3EIwgb7sNp https://t.co/F8CgIj7wmT
.@BernieSanders spox says ppl should listen to full audio where senator adds “it will be a lot easier" for white ppl who didn't want to vote for a black person this midterm season because they are black to vote for those diverse candidates in the future. https://t.co/5fpOz8hpRL https://t.co/KlUgnB6B93
RT @itscaitlinhd: The 9th circuit upheld a challenge to block the administration from ending DACA. People will keep their status for now. T…
.@BernieSanders says some people aren’t “necessarily racist” but were “uncomfortable” voting for people because they were black. Many would define not supporting someone based solely on race as racist. https://t.co/lxbmIha8pF
I still remember interviewing Lucy McBath after her son, Jordan Davis, was murdered because he and his friends were playing music in their car. It’s incredible to see her channel her grief into a political career. https://t.co/boi6oGyUQ0
RT @meridithmcgraw: Ruth Bader Ginsburg was admitted to the hospital this morning after a fall last night at her SCOTUS office, PIO says. S…
My goodness. Jason Coffman, a father who is looking for his son, Cody Coffman, after this latest mass shooting in California is live on CNN. It's terrible to see his fear. Jason has no idea if Cody made it out safely.
The latest on this tragic shooting: Gunman Kills at Least 12 at Thousand Oaks Bar   via @NYTimes https://t.co/qsOnKYfSQR
I’m on @Morning_Joe from 6-7 am today. Tune in!
Ari Fleischer, who served as the twenty-first White House Press Secretary for President George W. Bush, from January 2001 to July 2003, approves of @Acosta's hard pass being suspended. https://t.co/upTiaf1aty
RT @W7VOA: Statement just issued by @whca. https://t.co/vYNPkHxMEM
RT @peterbakernyt: If this is a decision by the White House because it doesn't like the coverage, it's the first time I can remember this h…
Please watch this. @Acosta did not grab or put his hands on this young lady. https://t.co/u3BaluYL3H
The WH is suspending @Acosta’s WH pass “until further notice.” Full statement. https://t.co/ManzuV5FsJ
The WH is now denying @Acosta access to the WH grounds do his job. This is incredibly concerning. https://t.co/lnZICQIGim
RT @hardball: .@Yamiche joins #Hardball to talk about her question to President Trump regarding his declaration as a nationalist.		"My reac…
RT @hardball: "I saw someone who I think was very very frustrated and very very angry at the fact that I was bringing up that some people t…
I'll be on @hardball with on @MSNBC at 7:15. Tune in!
RT @NewsHour: Why did the president ask Jeff Sessions to step down as attorney general? "It's been a fraught relationship for quite a while…
RT @NewsHour: "White House aides said they expected the president to talk about" the ousting of Jeff Sessions at his news conference today,…
RT @NewsHour: "The president embraced bipartisanship with a big caveat. He said, Democrats, I'll work with you if you don't investigate me,…
RT @NewsHour: The president's "tense relationship with the media was on full display in a rare way today," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruff. Sh…
I asked @PressSec why Casey, head of an alt right group, was at the WH.		Her response: "He was one of more than twenty-five thousand people who came to the White House Fall Garden Tour, which is open to the public. Free tickets are made available to anyone who wants to attend."
My Q was fair &amp; timely.		Patrick Casey, executive director of Identity Evropa, which Southern Poverty Law Center says is part of the "alt-right's" effort to recruit white, college-aged men and make them the "new face of white nationalism," tweeted that he was at the WH today. https://t.co/j93gYwfcZq
Kellyanne Conway at the White House says she doesn’t expect Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein to resign or be fired. She’ll be on @NewsHour tonight talking with @JudyWoodruff. https://t.co/i69bVZVbkQ
@kasie Thanks so much Kasie.
President Trump saying "I could fire everybody right now" has taken on new importance after Jeff Session's firing. Here's the full exchange. https://t.co/yTgluQsIQB
Future House Judiciary Committee Chairman @RepJerryNadler already saying he wants answers about President Trump asking Jeff Sessions to resign. https://t.co/WJuVjUboq3
@RussWKYC Thanks Russ.
Thanks Bob. I’m sure we both will. https://t.co/1xkGZi9h0t
Thanks so much Judy. You’re a stellar journalist who provides a great example of how to do this work. https://t.co/AiovUtG90W
I’ve personally interviewed white nationalists who say they are more excited by President Trump than other presidents in the past. Even if President Trump doesn’t intend it, some see him as directly appealing to racists. https://t.co/nqJAmMs63y
A note: I followed up the president calling my question "racist" with a policy question about his proposed middle class tax cut because that's what journalists do. We press on. We focus on the privilege of asking questions for a living. We do the work.
@PhilipRucker Thanks so much Phil.
I'm simply asking the questions the public wants to know. https://t.co/bZ1cZVBKhd
I asked President Trump what he thinks of people seeing his rhetoric as emboldening white nationalists and whether he was concerned that Republicans would be seen as supporting white nationalists.		His response: "That's a racist question."
President Trump after calling reporters rude, hostile and unfair:  "I would love to see unity, peace and love."
President Trump on coming staff changes: "People leave...There will be changes."
President Trump is calling reporters like @AprilDRyan "hostile" for asking questions about voter suppression, a real problem across the country.
President Trump is now pacing as this press conference has become very very tense. He's now called CNN's Jim Acosta rude and says he doesn't like NBC News' Peter Alexander.
President Trump says that all bets are off if Democrats launch investigations  into him and that he won't work with them on policy if that happens.
President Trump on his tax returns: They are very complicated. 		"People don't understand tax returns," he adds.
The president says he will be fighting for the border wall funding but isn't saying whether he is willing to shut down the government over the funding.
President Trump so far has said he would like to work with Democrats on trade, healthcare, infrastructure, and environmental policies.
President Trump said he thinks Dems launching investigation will just lead to a long back and forth. He also just indicated that if Democrats launch investigations into the president that he won't be able to work with them on policy issues.
President Trump on Democrats indicating that they will launch investigations into the president: "They've got nothing...They can play that game but we can play it better."
President Trump: "The Democrats will come to us with a plan for infrastructure, a plan for healthcare, a plan for whatever they are looking at..."
President Trump says Nancy Pelosi deserves credit and said he hopes to work on a number of issues with Democrats including trade and prescription drugs costs.
President Trump criticizing Republicans by name--including Reps Mia Love and Carlos Curbelo-- who did not want him to campaign with them.		"I'm not sure if I should be happy or sad...Mia Love gave me no love and she lost. Too bad."
President Trump: The voters have also "clearly rebuked" the Senate Democrats for their handling of the Brett Kavanaugh confirmation. He says this shows voters want him to nominate more conservative justices.
President Trump: We had a "slew of historic wins" in the governors races. 		He notes that he still likes Oprah but isn't sure that she likes him anymore after Oprah campaigned for Stacey Abrams.
President Trump going after former President Obama pointing out that Democrats lost many seats after Obama's election.
President Trump: "We saw the candidates that I supported achieve tremendous success." 		He says 9 of the 11 candidates he campaigned with last week won. 		"History will see what a good job we did."
President Trump: "Last night the Republican party defied history" by expanding its Senate majority despite "hostile" media coverage.
RT @MSNBC: JUST IN: Pentagon says it will no longer refer to the US military mission at the Mexico border as “Operation Faithful Patriot;”…
I’m at the White House waiting for President Trump’s press conference to begin. We’re expecting a victory lap shortly for Republicans holding the Senate. https://t.co/nXXekoPIuQ
RT @peterbakernyt: Just guessing, but this is probably the first time a president has threatened to investigate a new opposition-controlled…
RT @AndreaWNYC: Listening to @TheTakeaway’s multicultural and SMART all-women panel with @tanzinavega @amyewalter @Yamiche , I think, yes,…
RT @PhilipRucker: “All year long, Democrats talked optimistically about a blue wave...But a somewhat different reality began to set in earl…
RT @nathanielcline: “It’s 2018. These things shouldn’t happen.” Well said voter, well said. https://t.co/xaDRv6b4XR
The president’s take as Republicans keep control of the Senate but Dems take the House. https://t.co/eCGjzgRW3G
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump will hold a press conference today at 11:30am at the White House in the East Room. The event will…
RT @aseitzwald: Democrats have *flipped* 7 state legislative chambers and 333 seats, adding 6 more trifectas (gov+both chambers), per DLCC.…
RT @ZekeJMiller: WASHINGTON (AP) — Democrat Tony Evers elected Wisconsin governor, denying Republican Scott Walker a third term.
RT @SamWangPhD: Current margin between Kemp (R) and Abrams (D): 217,000 votes.		Number of challenged and purged registrations: nearly 400,0…
RT @mattdpearce: Steve King wins re-election in Iowa, ensuring that the journalists who cover white nationalists will be watching his every…
RT @loisbeckett: It looks like the students who survived the Marjory Stoneman Douglas shooting this February, and the parents of their clas…
RT @daveweigel: Democrats pick up Mark Sanford's seat https://t.co/dIoWzI5Nva
I’ll be on @MSNBC talking about the #MidtermElections with @WillieGeist for the next hour. Tune in if you’re still up!
Record number of women to serve in the U.S. House, and more women making history https://t.co/zIpWKAUYq2 via @USATODAY
RT @kasie: DON'T LOSE SIGHT OF THIS: For the first time since 2008, independent voters broke for Democrats, per @NBCNews exit polls
Rudy Giuliani, the president’s personal lawyer, reacting. https://t.co/T0zpnKWazr
It’s a newsy night at the WH. Kellyanne Conway took questions for 28 minutes—that’s longer than some press briefings have been. She said the president feels good about the election results and said Dems who took control of House should be willing to work with him. https://t.co/t1pDXTmQE6
RT @chrisdonovan: 18 GOP House incumbents have lost so far:		11 terms:	Sessions		6 terms:	Roskam 		5 terms:	Coffman 	Lance 	Paulsen 		4 ter…
RT @nytimes: In Massachusetts, voters rejected a ballot measure that targeted transgender rights. The referendum would have repealed a 2016…
Full statement from @PressSec on who President Trump called tonight. https://t.co/HRr0L6Kwg9
RT @HallieJackson: Who did @POTUS talk to tonight? 		Per @PressSec: Mitch McConnell, "to congratulate him on the historic Senate gains." Al…
RT @amyewalter: It is the "choose your own narrative" election.	D's win House (by  looks like a pretty big margin)	R's on track to pad thei…
The president reacts. https://t.co/decZgsi7hZ
RT @Sonari: Election night reminds me that I miss Gwen Ifill.
Allies of Pres Trump have made the point to me over and over again today that historically the president’s party loses seats in midterms. But it’s important to remember that Pres Trump —more than past presidents—connected his legacy to these midterms by campaigning so much.
This will be a huge thorn in President Trump’s side as Dems are expected to open a number of investigations into Trump. https://t.co/un91KalP0j
Sarah Sanders just spoke to reporters again. She said Democrats, who likely will take control of the House, need to “actually solve real problems” when they come to Washington.
RT @washingtonpost: With 98 percent of precincts reporting, Ron DeSantis (R) leads Andrew Gillum (D) by one point in the Florida race for g…
RT @NYTnickc: This is incredible. One of the jurors from Menendez's corruption trial is at his election night party: https://t.co/wH23fIJ15X
RT @nathanielcline: Gov. Ralph Northam made a surprise visit to Wexton’s Election Party #VA10 https://t.co/6kOdwOtPI8
RT @srl: Breaking News: Kris Kobach, a close ally of President Trump who gained national prominence for pursuing voter fraud, lost his race…
RT @CarrieNBCNews: NBC News projects Ted Cruz (R) defeats Beto O'Rourke (D) in TXSEN
RT @spetrykowski: @PressSec tells @Yamiche @ White House  most of the candidates that embraced @realDonaldTrump and that he campaigned for…
RT @NewsHour: "If you're the president and you're looking at these Senate returns, you're feeling really good," @Yamiche tells @JudyWoodruf…
Safe to say President Trump and people at the WH are feeling good about the early results of the #MidtermElections and are optimistic that the president holding some 50 rallies across the country worked to Republicans’ advantage.
Sarah also said the president continues to watch the election with family and friends in the WH residence and is feeling good about the results so far. She said she doesn’t expect a blue wave tonight.
I asked Sarah Sanders what the president thinks about Rep Barbara Comstock, who was dubbed “Trumpstock” by her opponent, losing and Sarah said the president is happy that senate candidates he campaigned for are winning tonight.
Sarah Sanders at the White House just told reporters the president doesn’t plan to call Nancy Pelosi if Democrats win back the House because he will wait to see who Dems elect to be their speaker.
A big one for Republicans. https://t.co/gNE54kLroM
Joe Manchin, the only Democrat to vote for Kavanaugh, keeps his seat in the Senate. https://t.co/IUbYFPsXH4
This is HUGE. https://t.co/uB4oGl2hs4
RT @RobertDEdwards: NBC News projects Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly loses to Republican Mike Braun in Indiana.
RT @kasie: NBC News projects Republican Andy Barr is reelected in KY-6, defeats @AmyMcGrathKY -- a blow for Democrats tonight
RT @nytpolitics: Ayanna Pressley has become the first black woman elected to represent Massachusetts in Congress, according to the Associat…
👀 https://t.co/cOTcqQFGei
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE on #Periscope: @NewsHour special coverage of #Midterms2018 with @JudyWoodruff and our team. https://t.co/U80o4ngPZf
RT @emarvelous: .@AyannaPressley becomes the first black woman elected to Congress from Massachusetts https://t.co/kIEuFPDPcH
RT @MikeDelMoro: 2nd flip: Donna Shalala (D) wins in FL-27
Wexton beating Comstock is a blow to the Trump brand in a majority white suburb. 		Wexton dubbed Comstock "Trumpstock" in ad after ad. https://t.co/Ye0mJWxB4G
RT @NBCNews: Georgia voters file lawsuit seeking to block Kemp from overseeing election results https://t.co/nShzeM0ky0
RT @NewsHour: "For those who want impeachment, that's not what our caucus is about," House Minority Leader @NancyPelosi tells @JudyWoodruff…
I’ll be at the White House all night reporting on President Trump’s watch party and how his message plays out during @NewsHour’s special #Midterms2018 coverage as the votes are counted. Watch tonight on your local @PBS station or online: https://t.co/oB48wbYIO5
RT @NewsHour: President Trump is "essentially throwing a watch party" at the White House on this #Midterms2018 election night, @Yamiche tel…
RT @JudyWoodruff: Have you voted today? See the results of #Midterms2018 tonight on @NewsHour’s special election night coverage on your loc…
RT @sarajust: Host @JudyWoodruff with panelists @amyewalter @nytdavidbrooks mark shields @K_JeanPierre @thechrisbuskirk  @LisaDNews	@IAmAmn…
RT @daveweigel: 2010 exit poll Q on Obama:		Approve - 45%	Disapprove - 54% https://t.co/ht2xy3EXgh
RT @WillieGeist: You find out who your real friends are when you ask them to join your 2 a.m. to 6 a.m. Election Night show. Among them: @J…
RT @ktumulty: So, uh, subtle — Republicans attack Jewish candidates across the U.S. with an age-old caricature: Fistfuls of cash Via ⁦@emro…
RT @kylegriffin1: Gracie Lou Phillips, an 82-year-old North Texas woman who voted for the first time in her life last week, died early this…
This is a non Election Day related tweet that I approve. https://t.co/HUVCUg4YGG
RT @MSNBC: WATCH: Pamela, 77, with her oxygen tank and her “BETO FOR SENATE” T-shirt, fights back tears while talking about seeing Rep. O'R…
RT @nytopinion: Is voting too inconvenient for you? Tell that to civil rights leader @repjohnlewis, who was arrested and beaten for the rig…
RT @AliVelshi: If you live in these states or DC you can register to vote today:	-CA	-CT	-NH	-VT	-ME	-MT	-ID	-WY	-CO	-UT	-MN	-WI	-IA	-IL	-H…
RT @nhannahjones: A reminder of why we must exercise our franchise. These rights are drenched in blood. https://t.co/NFkyFlmwvE
RT @NYTimesPR: We have removed the paywall for the midterm elections. Register or log in to https://t.co/LnudCGHu1l for unlimited access, i…
RT @kylegriffin1: "I heard people were making racist robocalls in my name against Stacey Abrams, who I am one hundred percent for, in Georg…
RT @MikeDelMoro: An NBC reporter was mistakenly invited into a secret far-right chat group in which members have apparently been increasing…
RT @PhilipRucker: The White House-Fox News nexus has rarely been as evident as tonight in Cape Girardeau:	-Hannity pre-game interview	-Trum…
RT @maggieNYT: Still can’t get over Hannity denying he would be on stage the whole day, getting brought up by Trump, and then pointing to a…
My latest: President Trump argues that Americans — many in predominately white communities—should fear immigrants who themselves are fearful of violence in their home countries. https://t.co/hqcz4cFrSk
What Sam said. https://t.co/Enm8dTon0q
RT @nickconfessore: A @propublica story suggesting that Kemp's vague and unsubstantiated claim of Democratic "hacking" this weekend was a g…
So many times today I started writing that critics of Pres Trump see him calling himself a nationalist, saying he will end birthright citizenship and using ads likening immigrants to murders as dog whistles only to correct myself that people see this as direct appeals to racists.
RT @farhip: So, to summarize today's ad action: @CNN, @NBC, @FoxNews and @Facebook have all rejected an ad by the *President of the United…
President Trump on his immigration ad being dropped by networks for being too racist: "We have a lot of ads ...They certainly are effective, based on the numbers that we're seeing .. A lot of things are offensive ...Your questions are offensive a lot of the time."
RT @ryanstruyk: President Trump has the *worst pre-election approval rating in modern history* immediately before his first midterm electio…
Brad Parscale, the campaign manager for Trump's 2020 reelection campaign, said more than 200,000 people called into hear the president speak just now.
President Trump: "We have to win tomorrow....We need to have big success or at least good success in the House. We will probably do pretty well."
President Trump says if Republicans do well, reporters won't cover it. "It is very important to go out and vote. Get your friends. ... The press is very much considering a referendum on me and our movement," he adds.
President Trump: "The election tomorrow is very vital. It really is summing up what we have done...If we don't have a good day, they (reporters) will make it like it's the end of the world."
Trump: "We took over an economy that was heading in the wrong direction." 		Fact check by WaPo: https://t.co/Ud6aBiDUpu
President Trump just dialed into a call with more than 200,000 supporters. "We are turning the country around," he says.
RT @nhannahjones: Just a few more tweets for those who are put out because you do not want to be shamed into voting. If you'd take the time…
Read this whole thing. https://t.co/O7566h0PZD
RT @abbydphillip: In 2017, the WH promised Trump would not use AF1 as a political prop. In 2018, the WH is using AF1 as a political prop ht…
RT @bluestein: Just in from the @GeorgiaDemocrat party: “To be very clear, Brian Kemp's scurrilous claims are 100 percent false ...” #gapol…
RT @bluestein: Brian Kemp office opens investigation into @GeorgiaDemocrat party “after a failed attempt to hack the state's voter registra…
What he said. https://t.co/dk9Ttt0TwD
What a beautiful tribute. https://t.co/lb7Me1L60g
RT @peterbakernyt: Jobs created during the first 21 months of Trump’s presidency and the final 21 months of Obama’s presidency:		Trump: 4,0…
RT @jimsciutto: New: Pentagon rejected a Homeland Security request that active duty US military troops perform emergency law enforcement fu…
RT @markknoller: Pres Trump says he listened to Pres Obama's campaign speech for Florida Democrats today. “I was in the plane. I had nothin…
RT @adamliptak: Supreme Court allows census trial to proceed https://t.co/T6HTDw6L50
Question from reporter: Are you encouraging violence with you rhetoric?		Pres Trump: “No. You know what? You’re creating violence by your question. You are...you. And also, a lot of reporters are creating violence by now writing the truth. The fake news is creating violence."
RT @ZekeJMiller: ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkish President Erdogan says order for Saudi journalist's killing came from highest level of Saudi…
Barack Obama in Miami: 'When truth doesn't matter, when people can just lie...democracy can't work."
This story is breaking as the first black president of the United States, Barack Obama, is campaigning for the first black person  nominated as a major party's gubernatorial candidate in Florida, Andrew Gillum. https://t.co/Rq8JwVDhSS
RT @kaitlancollins: Trump just spoke to reporters on the South Lawn. According to the print pool, he was asked about creating violence with…
RT @ZekeJMiller: AP: Based on reports from 48 states, as of today at least 30.6 million have already voted in the midterms
RT @costareports: Tonight's @WashingtonWeek will focus on the countdown to the midterm elections, with discussion of the tragedy in Pittsbu…
Pres Obama as protesters heckle him in Miami: "Why is it that the folks who won the election are so mad all the time? ... Like when I won the presidency, at least my side felt pretty good. It tells you something interesting, that even the folks that are in charge are still mad."
Former Pres Barack Obama just now in Miami taking a shot at Trump: "You know I didn't have anyone in my administration get indicted..."
Barack Obama just now in Miami: Every time we include more people in America's promises, folks push back.		"You win the right to vote and they try to make it hard for you to vote...Making this country better has never been easy."
Barack Obama just now in Miami: "We can come together to shape our country's course...We have been at crossroads like this before...That's how we abolished slavery, that's how we over came the Great depression...That's what made the story of America."		Crowd: "Bring it home."
RT @blackmon: Here's the statement HBO sent BuzzFeed News regarding President Trump's Game of Thrones-related tweet/meme:  		“We were not a…
RT @AsteadWesley: Major court victory for civil rights groups in Georgia: District Court rules Brian Kemp's "exact match" system dispropora…
RT @spetrykowski: @amyewalter @Yamiche @hillhulse @JakeSherman and @costareports want to hear what's on your mind when it comes to #Midterm…
Wow. https://t.co/aS1gWqed0q
I took yesterday off for some self care and I'm telling you everyone needs to focus on taking a minute to treat themselves.
RT @jodikantor: The headline of the @PittsburghPG is the Kaddish. The ultimate tribute to the victims. A statement that Jews belong. (via @…
@carolynryan @sarajust @JudyWoodruff Thanks so much Carolyn!
No words. https://t.co/x8Tp1r6zG9
RT @hardball: "They just love him even more cause he's doubling down on who he was." @Yamiche on Trump voters. #Hardball
RT @hardball: "They don't think Democrats are perfect ... they just think the Republicans are giving them no choice." @Yamiche on minority…
I’ll be on @MSNBC’s @hardball in a few minutes. Tune in!
That time I interviewed @KamalaHarris about her love for @iamcardib, running for president, and politics today and then called up Harris’s line sister (💕💚) for some deets about pledging with the senator.   Behold: https://t.co/TVxPzMy6no https://t.co/WEzrotSaBQ
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: President Donald Trump says the number of military troops deployed to the U.S.-Mexican border could go as high as 15,0…
My latest: If you want to ask Sen. Kamala Harris whether she’s planning to run for president, keep in mind her favorite Cardi B track: “Be Careful.” “I’m just trying to get at the truth,” Harris, 54, told me.   “It’s not for some kind of performance art.” https://t.co/TVxPzMy6no https://t.co/1DldZeEVad
RT @mattiekahn: All other ledes can go home. Here's @Yamiche on @KamalaHarris: https://t.co/C8FgwuuNnH https://t.co/YC07HUpFgK
@KAJ15217 @NewsHour Awwww. Thanks for such a thoughtful note.
RT @donie: Woah! New Vice News investigation. 		We posed as 100 senators to run ads on Facebook. Facebook approved all of them. https://t.c…
RT @kylegriffin1: Oprah is going to campaign with Stacey Abrams, BuzzFeed reports. https://t.co/nBYNEhWPYR
So-called? It’s the very essence of our constitution. https://t.co/l4b1MNOFBF
RT @jimsciutto: Four weeks ago today, Jamal Khashoggi walked into the Saudi consulate in Istanbul to get marriage documents as his fiancée…
Welp. https://t.co/qV5OavcBz0
RT @MSNBC: "It's an unbelievable image that we're looking at. These are peaceful protesters, walking along, grieving about the tragic death…
My latest story from Pittsburgh. https://t.co/Jld4Cwh03Y
President Trump is now inside Tree of Life Synagogue. https://t.co/twlAWHeMmQ
RT @jimsciutto: 100 members of Pittsburgh Steelers attended funeral for Cecil &amp; David Rosenthal, incl Steelers owner Art Rooney II, coach M…
RT @letsgomathias: At a protest/Shiva organized by @IfNotNow in #Pittsburgh, they’re reciting the mourner’s Kaddish, and singing Ozi V’Zimr…
RT @clinthendler: As President Trump arrives in Pittsburgh, hundreds of residents gather in Squirrel Hill for a protest telling him he’s no…
Fitzgerald, who is president of the police union in Pittsburgh, also said Trump would also be criticized if he didn’t visit. “How about we just look at it as the president wants to show his compassion and pay his respects to the victims and families of those victims?,” he said.
Robert Swartzwelder, president of Fraternal Order of Police Fort Pitt Lodge 1, is in favor of Pres Trump coming. “I think the president is him showing his compassion to the people of the United States. He’s very very pro law enforcement and he’s personally concerned,” he told me.
I also just talked to Pittsburgh County Executive Rich Fitzgerald who told me this isn’t the right time for President Trump to visit. He told me he wants the president to change his tone and be more unifying before he visits.
Another man told me he was taught to see the good in all things and hopes President Trump’s visit signals to his supporters and white nationalists that this was a significantly terrible shooting.
One man I talked to today wept as he told me that he had his bar mitzvah at Tree of Life Synagogue and can’t imagine that there were people who died in the very spot he remembers so joyfully. He too said Trump shouldn’t come.
I’ve been in Pittsburgh reporting for the last few hours and the sense of overwhelmingly grief is palpable here. Several have told me the president’s visit is ill timed and offensive given his rhetoric. https://t.co/U6qC7EoThT
RT @PanAfricanSoul: Excellent reporting by @Yamiche on #MidtermElections2018 in Florida. She talks with many people ( who are not featured…
RT @jimsciutto: New: Pittsburgh Mayor, Pittsburgh County Exec, Senate Majority Leader McConnell, House Speaker Ryan, Senate Minority Schume…
🗣Incredible. https://t.co/85NfQ1KjVy
Joining @Morning_Joe in a few minutes from Pittsburgh to talk about the tragic shooting here, President Trump’s final midterm pitch, and @NewsHour’s deep dive into Florida politics.
👀 https://t.co/gPBLsIdJWQ
RT @tackettdc: When you look beyond the daily churn and burn, the Trump administration policies are making profound changes. @ericliptonnyt…
RT @PhilipRucker: NEW —&gt; Trump and aides struggle to balance midterm attacks with empathy after synagogue massacre		My latest inside the Wh…
RT @kylegriffin1: As the president calls out CNN and the "fake news" media on Twitter again, remember: Three of the explosive devices that…
RT @NewsHour: Puerto Ricans and young people are two groups of voters that Democrats will need a big turnout from in Florida during #Midter…
RT @ddale8: The White House announces that Trump will hold 11 campaign rallies in 8 states over the final 6 days of the campaign.		Oct. 31:…
RT @maggieNYT: https://t.co/gph0SUefor
RT @kylegriffin1: By travelling to Pittsburgh on Tuesday, Trump is ignoring a plea from Pittsburgh's mayor that Trump refrain from visiting…
In 2016, Sisler started a monthly political discussion group called Jib Jab. He introduced me to a few of his friends -- all Republicans who strongly support Pres. Trump. Tune into to PBS @NewsHour tonight to hear our conversation and more of my reporting from my home state of FL https://t.co/TVH2p0tkq6
Sisler is “bothered” that Puerto Ricans can vote in this year’s midterms. (Note: Puerto Ricans  are American citizens.) He is also concerned about immigration broadly. “I think that we are bringing far too many unskilled people and educated people that don't speak any English."
In past elections, senior citizens have been the most reliable voting bloc in Florida and they lean Republican. We met Gary Sisler, 84. He is a Republican who thinks the president has never said anything racially discriminatory. https://t.co/ATaxC07KD8
Alsina voted early for Dems. She was offended by Trump throwing paper towels at Puerto Ricans when he visited after Hurricane Maria. “I went to vote because I want my dignity and respect back. We don't need paper towels. We need food. We need help to build our houses again.” https://t.co/7tLH7Dht7Z
Dems are also looking at newly arrived Puerto Ricans. No one really knows how many have moved to FL since Hurricane Maria. Estimates range from 50,000-300,000. Near Kissimmee, Ivette Alsina wept as she thought of the family she’s left behind on the island. https://t.co/ldDkr4ZcoT
Cockroft added: “We realize … people who've been in power for 30 years are fixated in the mentality that they have already and it doesn't align with ours,” she said. “We're going to be stuck when they're gone. We're going to be stuck with the issues that they left us with.” https://t.co/RDHwIzL7dU
At a get-out-the-vote event in Liberty City, Miami, sponsored by Dream Defenders, a group started in 2012 after the killing of Trayvon Martin, organizer Rodnika Cockroft also criticized President Trump. “Our generation is starting to step into their power,” she said. https://t.co/H6AaJMzwMg
Still, Horton isn’t sure about turnout. “I do see a lot more people who are politically engaged and they seem to care about this but at the same time you know you can walk somewhere and not hear anything about it at all,” he said.  “And so that's a little scary.”
Horton went on. “I think he's a racist. And if he's not a racist, he's at least playing to the racist base,” he said. “He was going on TV championing, calling himself a nationalist ... That strikes me as right next to calling himself a white nationalist.”
Young people are one group to watch. Marcus Horton is a 28-year-old Navy vet who is disturbed by President Trump. ”He says something and then he denies it right afterwards as if he didn't say something that was completely bigoted.” https://t.co/p4AA6T3jQI
Fernand Amandi said: "Florida is the classic referendum, lynchpin state in the country. It's almost perfectly divided in terms of its registration between Republicans, Democrats and independents, which in Florida is a growing segment of the electorate."
Dems are trying to turn out the vote especially among the youth bloc--including black voters--as well among Puerto Ricans after Hurricane Maria. But, Fernand Amandi, a Dem pollster based in Miami, says older (and often white) voters who lean Republican could be a counterweight. https://t.co/bqXlxBhdh2
As the nation grappled with the tragedies of last week, I went to Florida to talk to voters about politics, racism, and the midterms next week. My reporting will be part of a special edition of @NewsHour tonight featuring our anchor @JudyWoodruff, @LisaDNews &amp; me focused on FL. https://t.co/CE3FG2l3gF
RT @AsteadWesley: A 16-year-old black teenager in Wisconsin named Chanese Knox was called a nigger by a white classmate on two occasions. B…
RT @WLRNSundial: What's happening today on Sundial? 		1. Strong Mayor with @FrancisSuarez	2. Comedy talk with @TheDailyShow's @roywoodjr…
RT @JudyWoodruff: with only 8 days till the election @NewsHour is in #Florida today to report on some of biggest races in US @Yamiche on La…
RT @jaketapper: At 8:05 pm shooter charged with: 		11 counts Obstruction of Exercise of Religious Beliefs Resulting in Death 	11 counts Use…
RT @kylegriffin1: Bomb suspect threatened people on Twitter, and Twitter didn't act. https://t.co/r7q9D8dL0R
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: "Since then, Gab's maximalist approach to free speech has made the network the de-facto home to extremist figures who h…
RT @carolynryan: Please read ⁦this from ⁦@ShribmanPG⁩ .	He is editor of Pittsburgh paper but, more so,	a part of Squirrel Hill.  https://t.…
Just coming up for air after talking to people in Florida all day who are terrified at the direction of the country. And then I see this. https://t.co/7tyAO7P69o
RT @mattdpearce: New: 11 dead in Pittsburgh, officials confirm just now. Six injuries, including four police officers. ADL says this is lik…
RT @justin_fenton: President Trump, asked about gun laws, says the Pittsburgh synagogue should have had armed security at the bris and the…
RT @sergenyt: Before Cesar Sayoc Was a Bombing Suspect, He Was a Trump Superfan   via @NYTimes https://t.co/blFdlpjzLF
RT @jaketapper: PSA: A synagogue being “conservative” is not a statement about the political beliefs of its members. Conservatism is a deno…
RT @maggieNYT: https://t.co/1TA3UPHgQE
RT @NBCNewYork: UPDATE: Multiple casualties, 3 officers shot and suspect in custody in Pittsburgh synagogue shooting, officials say https:/…
My latest story from West Virginia. Republicans told me State Senator Richard Ojeda is “unhinged” and that President Trump’s rhetoric was “strong.” A look at the surprisingly competitive race in the state’s third congressional district. https://t.co/uTfVRqjbBD
RT @jacobsoboroff: NEW: If you want brand new evidence the Trump administration never had a plan when it ripped thousands of migrant kids a…
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: NBC News spokesperson: “Megyn Kelly Today is not returning. Next week, the 9 a.m. hour will be hosted by other TODAY…
What We Know About Cesar Sayoc, the Suspect in the Bombing Case https://t.co/ndUotHpIfJ
So sad to hear about the passing of @TyroneGayle. He was one of the nicest people in this world of politics. RIP. https://t.co/yAKAA0Yxu2
RT @seungminkim: .@SenKamalaHarris pays tribute to @TyroneGayle with the truest statement of all: “Tyrone is irreplaceable.” https://t.co/S…
RT @AsteadWesley: Scoop: More than 4,500 vote-by-mail applications have gone missing in Georgia's DeKalb County, a place critical for Nov.'…
RT @kaitlancollins: President Trump says mail bombs coverage overshadowed his proposal to lower drug prices. "It didn’t get kind of coverag…
President Trump just said black people appreciate more than most that prisoners are getting jobs and a “second chance.” Think about that.
RT @AsteadWesley: "By the 1930s, “America First” stopped being a presidential slogan, and it began to be claimed by extremist, far-right gr…
RT @AsteadWesley: "America First" was one of David Duke's slogans during his 1992 presidential run. https://t.co/t2iHB3mJtI https://t.co/hW…
RT @NewsHour: NEWS: "Law enforcement has apprehended the suspect" in connection with suspicious packages, "and taken him into custody," Pre…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: President Donald Trump discusses drug pricing during a speech at the Department of Health and Human Serv…
RT @kylegriffin1: There have now been 10 packages discovered:	 	* George Soros	* Clintons	* Obamas	* Eric Holder	* John Brennan	* Maxine Wa…
RT @davidfolkenflik: This is the top host for Fox Business Network, peddling a groundless conspiracy theory  after what are believed to be…
President Trump tonight at a rally:  "The media also has a responsibility to set a civil tone and to stop the endless hostility and constant negative and oftentimes false attacks and stories," Trump told the audience. "They've got to stop."  https://t.co/I4w3B0E8kv
RT @kylegriffin1: CIA Director Gina Haspel has listened to audio purportedly capturing the interrogation and killing of Jamal Khashoggi, Wa…
RT @queenkv: WATCH @KPBSnews #EveningEdition - @EboneMonet26 checks in with @NewsHour @Yamiche	about @realDonaldTrump campaign rhetoric and…
RT @nytpolitics: The Chinese listen to President Trump's cellphone calls, noting the people he talks to regularly in hopes of using them to…
RT @kaitlancollins: Trump’s 2020 campaign manager apologizes for email sent out earlier today in Lara Trump’s name that criticized CNN and…
President Trump: "As we speak, the packages are being infected...and a major federal investigation is now underway...We will spare no resources or expense in this effort...In these times we have to unify."
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: #periscope: President Trump delivers remarks on efforts to combat #opioid crisis https://t.co/jcBTc43QXE
First Lady Melania speaking before President Trump: "We cannot tolerate these cowardly attacks."
RT @jimsciutto: Notable comment from @NYPDONeill: “Don’t encourage attacks on the media....that is contributing to the choices people are m…
RT @oliverdarcy: Here’s the note Jeff Zucker sent to all CNN employees https://t.co/luAVbf4lBL
RT @SchneiderCNN: Following developments on evacuation of CNN in NYC, and Time Warner Center. Law enforcement telling me and @ShimonPro: Th…
We don’t know exactly what is motivating these packages. But I’ll just say it: I’ve been on the campaign trail for the last few weeks and people are more angry and confrontational than I have ever seen them before. Scary to think our political discourse could be motivating this.
RT @politiCOHEN_: .@jimsciutto is live by phone right now on CNN. says no one is injured but “the package did get inside the building of CN…
Incredible work. Imagine having to flee and then quickly regroup to explain to the nation what is happening. https://t.co/Yj6kK3DEE3
Such a scary day. Hoping everyone stays safe. https://t.co/SPLyvW6sTs
RT @oliverdarcy: We are being evacuated right now at time warner center in NYC. Striking scene as alarm went off as @jimsciutto and @PoppyH…
WH Press Sec Sarah Sanders: “We condemn the attempted violent attacks recently made against President Obama, President Clinton, Secretary Clinton, and other public figures.” https://t.co/96baEQqqCs
Explosive Devices Found in Mail Sent to Hillary Clinton and Obama - The New York Times https://t.co/8re1c0kMU8
@esglaude @JReidESPN Thanks so much. Nice being on with you.
RT @esglaude: @Yamiche just made an extraordinary point about blaming black voters and election outcomes...
RT @nhannahjones: "White supremacy is itself a political system, a particular power structure of formal or informal rule, socioeconomic pri…
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump's mystery tax cut is only the latest instance of the government scrambling to reverse-engineer policies to meet hi…
On Morning Joe this morning from 7 to 8 am.
RT @AndyKroll: @RollingStone Exclusive: In Leaked Audio, Republican Governor Candidate Brian Kemp Expresses Concern Over Georgians Exercisi…
RT @washingtonpost: Blue-collar men are riding America’s economic wave. Women? Not so much. https://t.co/k08ozO10Pz
RT @washingtonpost: Analysis: The geography of voting — and not voting https://t.co/Yfg46n56dO
RT @thefix: Pence vouches for Trump’s dubious terrorists-in-the-caravan claim with a bogus stat https://t.co/M5ahBwRZKX
RT @WaPoVanessa: .@timcraigpost and @aboutaaron reporting from battleground FL on the "struggle that increasingly pits older white voters a…
RT @jodikantor: Remember this stat: nearly half the men brought down by #metoo were replaced by women. https://t.co/BIDFTqjzH0
RT @WmBrangham: Behind all the justified outrage over #KhashoggiMurder, worth remembering how Saudi Arabia is waging a brutal war in #Yemen…
Incredibly sad. https://t.co/QAtF8kvOK8
Exclusive: President Trump calls Jamal Khashoggi's death 'a plot gone awry' https://t.co/WAATYcNXKO via @USATODAY
My latest from California. https://t.co/KblYPycy06
RT @kylegriffin1: Lyft is partnering with Voto Latino to take voters to polls in Dodge City, Kansas after the city's only polling site was…
RT @itscaitlinhd: Brownsville, TX is the latest town to be overtaken, then abandoned by the media bc of family separation. @jimrutenberg ha…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: Former President @BarackObama campaigns for Democrats in Nevada during a rally in Las Vegas. https://t.c…
RT @maggieNYT: Jones explains that people who don't like Kushner think there's an American prince who's friends with a Saudi prince and thi…
RT @brianstelter: CNN is holding a day-long political forum — #CitizenCNN — and it's live streaming here: https://t.co/qmhhHxaqcV Up first,…
This is incredible. https://t.co/7TSMs6KG1K
RT @letsgomathias: I’ve written a lot of stories abt Steve King, but this is the craziest one yet tbh. 		That his GOP colleagues don’t publ…
RT @kylegriffin1: Employees at Sinclair Broadcast Group, the largest owner of television stations in the U.S., say that the company orders…
RT @nytpolitics: The Trump administration is considering a legal definition of gender as immutable and fixed at birth, the most drastic in…
RT @MikeDelMoro: The Washington Post Editorial Board: 		“Congress should launch its own investigation, including of whether the Trump admin…
RT @marianaatencio: The migrant caravan of 3,000 breaks through fence barrier, crosses from Guatemala into Mexico. 		Big question: what wil…
RT @carolynryan: “Fun fact - my parents don’t actually know I started a super PAC.” LOVE this. https://t.co/tNwsE5zDO3
RT @PhilipRucker: The Saudi explanation — that Jamal Khashoggi died in a “brawl” gone bad — is simply not plausible based on the evidence r…
I’m still out in the field reporting, this time in West Virginia. And, a man just asked me if I was @SymoneDSanders. So hey, Symone! You’ve got fans in this state.
Incredibly sad. Saudi Arabia confirms journalist Jamal Khashoggi died after fight inside consulate https://t.co/dc4G94MWKV via @USATODAY
RT @JDiamond1: Trump is upping his incredible (in the literal sense) claim that the arms deal he inked with Saudi Arabia last year will del…
I’ve been on the road all day and just checked Twitter. Soooo much.
RT @kaitlancollins: Trump's immediate response when asked about a Russian national being charged with conspiracy to influence an American e…
Required reading: Karen Attiah, Jamal Khashoggi’s Editor, on the Writer and His Work https://t.co/6solKPiYhU
RT @kylegriffin1: NYT reports that Don McGahn is officially OUT as White House counsel. McGahn's departure was confirmed by two people clos…
RT @PhilipRucker: NEW —&gt; Trump tries to protect Saudis amid global outrage over Khashoggi. 		Inside Trump’s deliberations as he weighs huma…
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW STORY: Residents at another Manhattan bldg called "Trump Place" vote to remove @realDonaldTrump's name, one more sign…
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: A Manhattan condo building at 200 Riverside Blvd called "Trump Place" will remove that name from its facade, becoming…
RT @WashPostPR: The Washington Post to publish a special edition Op-Ed page with new column by Jamal Khashoggi. In the piece filed just bef…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump to @AP on Saudi:/Khashoggi: "Here we go again with you know you're guilty until proven innocent. I don't like that.…
Wow. https://t.co/aWz4CVvv0h
RT @mattzap: Sessions, asked if POTUS has ever pressured him to resign: "The president speaks his mind. He says what’s on his mind at the t…
RT @loisbeckett: How liberal white parents in Charlottesville have fought to maintain segregation in their public schools, year after year.…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Acting Drug Enforcement Administration Administrator Uttam Dhillon di…
RT @HallieJackson: Video here ---&gt; https://t.co/1t1GUKga2I
RT @Fahrenthold: This doc from @realDonaldTrump’s company shows how key Saudi biz was at his NYC hotel this year. https://t.co/2ItSFryVeb
Rep Dana Rohrabacher told me he thinks President Trump’s policies and style will help him win this race. I’ll have more from our conversation and how Dems think they can unseat Dana Rohrabacher later this week on @NewsHour. https://t.co/AKLL9sCZqw
Caught up with Republican Rep Dana Rohrabacher, who is in a tight race for his seat, as he rode a bus with seniors to a marijuana dispensary in Southern California. Here he is explaining to seniors that marijuana laws should be left up to the states. https://t.co/pN8y3M2IdQ
RT @NBCNews: “I have a lot of support in the NYPD, and I very much appreciate that, the boys in blue," said Gavin McInnes, the founder of t…
RT @politico: The porn star, who alleges a former affair, is also ordered to pay the president’s legal fees https://t.co/iCdD2BuJAi
RT @washingtonpost: Karin Housley, a Minnesota candidate for Senate, compared Michelle Obama to a "chimp" in a 2009 Facebook post https://t…
RT @mattloff: We talked to an independent-turned-Democrat who repairs surfboards for living. Find out why she's hoping for a blue wave in O…
I'm just getting time to watch @LesleyRStahl interview President Trump. It's a master's class on how to interview and push subjects to give you concrete answers.
RT @mattdpearce: U.S. Rep. Kevin McCarthy’s brother-in-law has won more than $7 million in military contracts in McCarthy’s district by cla…
RT @PhilipRucker: Critics say Kushner has been dangerously naive to trust Prince Mohammed and has been easily manipulated by Saudis. But Ku…
RT @mattloff: What does riding a Harley have to do with the midterm elections? Find out this week on newshour with @yamiche reporting from…
Thanks so much for always welcoming me on @KasieDC. Missing being on tonight but I’m in California reporting and look forward to sharing what I’ve learned on a Sunday soon! https://t.co/ccz5HlQD51
RT @PhilipRucker: NEW —&gt; Two princes: Kushner now faces a reckoning for Trump’s bet on the Saudi heir		My latest — a deep dive on the Kushn…
RT @jacobsoboroff: HUGE: Trump told @PhilipRucker he's considering new family separation policy. Then he lied, saying:		- Migrants coming "…
Currently, this race between Rep Dana Rohrabacher and Harley Rouda is virtually tied. Check out the current polling: https://t.co/fjF1W5mivn
Currently Democrat Harley Rouda is holding a campaign rally with former astronaut and gun violence advocate Mark Kelly. Former Rep. Gabby Giffords was supposed to be here but she isn’t feeling well today. https://t.co/dUcVoDUHs5
I’m in Orange County for a few days reporting on the crucial House race between incumbent  Republican Rep. Dana Rohrabacher and Democrat Harley Rouda.
RT @PhilipRucker: The Trump administration is considering a new family separation policy. Stephen Miller is determined to act, arguing that…
RT @AsteadWesley: My latest story is up: I went to Flint, still jaded and disaffected and without clean water it trusts. The governor has e…
RT @kenvogel: NEW: SAUDI ARABIA has paid nearly $9M to lobbying firms so far this year. But at least one firm ended its contract today, &amp; o…
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: @realdonaldtrump has longstanding business ties with Saudis &amp; the Saudi government, which include recent upticks in S…
RT @wttw: Rapper Kanye West talked about his hometown of Chicago and more in a meeting today with President Donald Trump. Tonight: @pbsnews…
RT @NewsHour: "Not really much substance came out of this discussion" between President Donald Trump and rapper Kanye West today, @Yamiche…
RT @srl: Today's concession from the Trump administration is the strongest evidence to come to light so far that Ross may have lied to Cong…
Dreiband’s nomination was strongly opposed by some civil rights advocacy groups, who pointed to his legal track record of repping companies in high-profile discrimination cases and articles he wrote that were critical of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, per @Reuters
Eric Dreiband was confirmed by a vote of 50-47. The vote was split along party lines.		“Eric has distinguished himself as an outstanding lawyer and a committed public servant,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement.
Meanwhile...in non Kanye news:		CBC Chair Rep Cedric Richmond released this statement on confirmation of Eric Dreiband to lead Civil Rights Division of DOJ: “The confirmation of Eric Dreiband...is yet another example of Republicans picking the fox to guard the henhouse."
.@nhannahjones with the knowledge I was waiting to hear. https://t.co/WsPNXCoRxi
@DeleceWrites Exactly! Super true.
Nope. https://t.co/VyNuWWfdGn
*Waits for @nhannahjones to tweet about Kanye*
"I love this guy right here," Kanye West says as he hugs President Trump.
Welp, I'll be on @MSNBC in a few minutes talking about Kanye and Trump.
RT @jonkarl: How unusual was the Trump/Kanye Oval Office photo op?  at the end Kanye gave @realDonaldTrump a hug and then, as the press was…
Kanye West: "As black people we need to take responsibility." 		*PAUSE*		Black people have always been responsible for their communities, even when they were legally banned from marrying, even when their babies were sold, and even when communities were terrorized. Like huh?
Kanye West on President Trump: "If he don't look good, we don't look good."
Think what you want, it is striking to see Kanye West, who called out Pres George W Bush for not caring about black people, embrace Pres Donald Trump and defend Trump by *falsely* saying black people rely on welfare too much and don't have many black fathers.
Per pooler @agearan, Kanye West while meeting Trump: "We have to release the love through it the country...We don’t have the reparations but we have the 13th Amendment”		President Trump: “He can speak for me any time he wants. He’s a smart cookie. He gets it.”
Q from reporters: Could Kanye be a future presidential candidate?		Trump: “Could very well be.”		Kanye: “Only after, 2024.”
Kanye West, after talking for 10 minutes about his mental health problems to President Trump : “It was from the soul. I just channeled it.”
Per pool, Kanye went on a 10 minute soliloquy that included saying he has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. He then said that was a mis-diagnosis and he is sleep-deprived.		Trump's response: “I tell you what that was pretty impressive...That was quite something.”
More Kanye on Trump: "My dad and my mom separated so there was not a lot of male energy in my home and also I’m married to a family where, you know, there’s not a lot of male energy. It’s beautiful though."		Kanye also said Trump gave him “a Superman cape” to  help do good.
Kanye on Trump and his work on criminal justice: “I think it’s the bravery ... They tried to scare me to not wear this hat (his red MAGA hat).”
Kanye West &amp; Jim Brown &amp; Jared Kushner were seated in chairs nearby President Trump. 		Trump on North Korea: “I left Singapore 3 months ago we’ve made a lot of progress.”		Kanye: “On day one you solved one of his biggest troubles. We solved one of the biggest problems.”
RT @Olivianuzzi: In the Oval Office with Donald Trump and Kanye West: https://t.co/2ChPrHoWR4
I will always find it amazing that the hosts of @foxandfriends usually initiate ending the interview with President Trump by telling him that they are sure he is short on time.
RT @nhannahjones: I found this passage in book of slave codes in the section on prohibitions against black people being taught to read. It,…
Excited to attend a night with @KennedyKrieger at #WhateverItTakes, a tribute to our @NewsHour leader and anchor @JudyWoodruff
RT @srl: The AP finds that nearly 70 percent of 53,000 of voter registration applications put on hold by Georgia SoS Brian Kemp are from bl…
RT @itscaitlinhd: It’s time! Join me on @reddit for an #AMA on immigration https://t.co/u0MEDhRtXD https://t.co/Zc4JjHi62F
RT @daveweigel: Trump’s USAT op-ed follows on what Paul Ryan said this week. Republicans have given up running on entitlement reform; they’…
RT @NewsHour: "Nikki Haley's announcement is very abnormal because it was so normal," compared to other Trump administration departures, @Y…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH #periscope: US Ambassador to the UN #NikkiHaley announced today that she will step down. @Yamiche takes a look at the p…
RT @chrisgeidner: Breaking: #SCOTUS allows North Dakota voter ID requirement, which had been enjoined during the primaries, to be enforced…
RT @AshleyRParker: On the possibility of being Trump's AG, Graham adds: "That says more about people in your business than it does about me…
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo just thanked Nikki Haley for working with him for 5 months. He then took no questions and was gone in like 2 minutes.
RT @itscaitlinhd: Brief life, long journey: More children as young as 2 are showing up in immigration court https://t.co/Y6swlGp3DR
President Trump reacting to Hillary Clinton calling the WH swearing in of Justice Brett Kavanaugh a political event: "Hillary never got it. That is why she lost."
It's incredible to watch President Trump happily announce that Nikki Haley is leaving and then remember that James Comey was fired while he was talking to FBI agents and then followed by a news helicopter because it was such shocking news.
Nikki Haley: It was a blessing to go into the United States. "I will tell you, I think it's time."
Nikki Haley: "I'm not leaving until the end of the year."		She adds she is not running in 2020 and will be campaigning for President Trump.
Nikki Haley: You look at the anti-Israel bias and Trump showed that we will put our embassy wherever we want to put it.		"The US is strong again and the US is strong in a way that should make all Americans proud."
Nikki Haley: "It has been an honor of a lifetime...It has really been a blessing...Now the United States is respected...They know if we say something we are going to follow it through" ....whether it's with Syria, NATO, trade deals.
President Trump: Secretary of State Mike Pompeo thinks highly of Nikki Haley.  "We will miss you."		Trump also said she can "have her pick" of administration jobs and will stay in close contact with Trump after leaving.
I'm watching video of Nikki Haley and President Trump in the Oval. There is 18 minutes of video of their interaction. They both look very happy. Trump called Haley "fantastic" and said that she said 6 months ago she wanted to take a "break."
Nikki Haley is saying it was an honor of a lifetime and that the US has become respected since President Trump was elected, per pool.
President Trump has now announced that Nikki Haley is resigning and that she will be leaving at the end of this year. He also said Haley could come back to his administration if she wants, per pool.
RT @13LauraGeller: Interesting... @nikkihaley 's Twitter account no longer mentions Pres. Trump or her role at the UN #thatwasfast https://…
President Trump and Ambassador Nikki Haley speaking at 10:30 a.m. https://t.co/xVGcpaTQVd
Wow. https://t.co/tJrHS1KJuW
RT @kylegriffin1: As Trump tweets this morning again claiming anti-Kavanaugh protesters were paid, it's a good time to remind that Trump's…
RT @Arianedevogue: Legal nerds: 2 sources tell me that Brett Kavanaugh WILL join the cert pool. Remember -in a show of independence—Gorsuch…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: President Donald Trump takes part in a ceremonial swearing-in of newly confirmed Supreme Court Justice B…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Kavanaugh attends ceremonial swearing-in at White House. https://t.co/lPh1DAOndl
RT @amyfiscus: NEW: Rick Gates, the Trump campaign deputy, sought proposals in 2016 from an Israeli intel firm, which suggested creating fa…
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: In 2004, @realDonaldTrump lost his financial lifeline -- his father's businesses. But after that, Trump didn't cut ba…
RT @NewsHour: President Donald Trump says newly confirmed Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh was “caught up in a hoax that was set up by…
RT @samstein: NRSC press release: "If you haven’t heard, multimillionaire pop star Taylor Swift came down from her ivory tower to tell hard…
RT @mitchellreports: Coming up on #AMR: @kwelkernbc @kasie @AshleyRParker @peterbakernyt @harrylitman @VictorDCha @tomcostellonbc @Yamiche…
RT @axios: Bill and Hillary Clinton have announced a 13-city North American tour with visits planned at some massive venues. https://t.co/U…
RT @grynbaum: HOPE HICKS has landed: she joins the Murdoch empire as chief communications officer of FOX, based in Los Angeles.
President Trump also said he planned to talk to Rod Rosenstein on his way to FL but that he didn’t have a problem with Rod Rosenstein other than the fact that “there was no collusion.”
President Trump stopped to take questions from reporters. He said he didn’t have plans to fire Rod Rosenstein. And, he said he thought more Democrats would vote for Republicans because of Brett Kavanaugh.
RT @samstein: People get all worked up about Kavanaugh and the mid terms only to find out the planet is gonna melt anyway in about 40-50 ye…
RT @GeoffRBennett: First Lady Melania Trump will not be attending Brett Kavanaugh's ceremonial swearing in tonight. Her office cites "a lon…
@sophieadanna Great meeting you!
Tune in! https://t.co/vBItayJHJo
At Least 12 People Have Died And More Than 180 Are Injured After An Earthquake Struck Haiti - BuzzFeed News https://t.co/eb3elNyg7t
Praying for the people of Haiti tonight after the island nation was hit with another earthquake tonight. I just talked to my dad in Port-au-Prince and heard about my cousins in Port-de-Paix. They are all safe but so many others may not be. 🙏🏾
RT @Jacquiecharles: .@nouvelliste reports that 5.9 quake that hit #Haiti earlier was close to Port-de-Paix in NW. https://t.co/JmAd6P4rSV
RT @moisejovenel: J’exhorte la population à garder son calme, suite au passage du séisme dont l’épicentre est localisé dans les côtes du No…
RT @Jacquiecharles: Haiti Civil Protection confirms injuries and damages to some houses in today’s earthquake in northern #Haiti. @MiamiHer…
RT @Jacquiecharles: Deputy Fritz Chery confirms at least 1 dead in Gros Morne from today’s #earthquake to @nouvelliste https://t.co/dA7lE94…
The president talking crowd sizes, again. https://t.co/oSyZimBWhi
RT @costareports: Deeply troubling... the threats to journalists worldwide are very real and deserve attention https://t.co/XUMQqCjY99
I’ll be on @MSNBC at 7 pm talking about Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump’s reaction to his confirmation and the protests gripping the country. Tune in.
RT @politico: The former dean of Yale Law School: Kavanaugh's “very presence will undermine the court’s claim to legitimacy; it will damage…
RT @frankthorp: MURKOWSKI on protesters: "I don’t know what you were doing when those voices were shouting and the screams--and I’m sure te…
Q: What impact did his Mississippi speech (mocking Dr. Ford) have on the fight? President Trump: 	“I think that the Mississippi speech had a great impact, yes. I think it was a very important thing. “
President Trump: “I think the Republicans are going to do great in the midterms. I think we have a momentum that hasn’t been seen in years. When you hear those screamers in Congress today, the screaming that – you see how orchestrated it is, how phony it is.”
He added: A tremendous number of women are happy “because they’re thinking of their sons, they’re thinking of their husbands and their brothers, their uncles, and others. And women are I think extremely happy.”
President Trump says today: “You have a lot of women that are extremely happy. A tremendous number of women. Because they’re thinking of their sons, they’re thinking of their husbands and their brothers, their uncles, and others. And women are I think extremely happy.”
RT @seungminkim: NEWS --&gt;&gt; @realDonaldTrump tells our @PhilipRucker that Lisa Murkowski will "never recover" from her Kavanaugh opposition…
Senator Mitch McConnell just said Republicans and supporters of Brett Kavanaugh were “virtually assaulted” by protesters during this nomination process.
White House statement applauding the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh. https://t.co/mqo1VaQfeu
RT @AsteadWesley: Kavanaugh will be the 114th Supreme Court justice in US History.		108 have been white men. 		Four have been women.		Three…
RT @mitchellreports: Kavanaugh is confirmed 50 to 48. Smallest margin for a Supreme Court Justice in more than a century
RT @jodikantor: This reckoning is far from done.		By me &amp; my partner/soul sister ⁦@mega2e⁩  https://t.co/XGTj25E2dh
It can’t be overstated how much Senator Mitch McConnell did to make this historic shift of the Supreme Court happen. And President Trump, aggressive, mocking and brash now can point to the court as his most lasting legacy.
Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
RT @kasie: .@KamalaHarris sent a fundraising email for @SenatorHeitkamp praising her no vote on Kavanaugh.		It raised over $400,000 in 24 h…
RT @CNNnewsroom: "He will be a great justice,"  says President Trump of SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh: "I think a lot of very positive thi…
RT @NBCNews: WATCH: Senators speak ahead of Kavanaugh vote https://t.co/cQzTtrNxv6
RT @CNN: President Trump says he's looking forward to Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation vote and that he "will be a great justice" https://t.c…
I’ll be on @MSNBC at 9 am. Tune in!
RT @AshleyRParker: Friends and advisers implored Trump not to personally attack Kavanaugh’s accusers. So he did it anyway — and helped shif…
Thanks so much @JudyWoodruff! You’re an amazing leader for our newsroom. https://t.co/oR0qvLjdeE
RT @NewsHour: Judge Kavanaugh is likely hours away from a spot on the nation's highest court. How did we get here? https://t.co/Wb48i1ViuW…
RT @NewsHour: Nobel Peace Prize awarded to Nadia Murad, Denis Mukwege for fight against sexual violence. @NewsHourWorld reports. https://t.…
RT @nhannahjones: So much respect to @jamiekalven who doggedly broke the story of this police murder. Without him, there'd be no verdict to…
RT @NewsHour: "The White House fought for this nomination and won. President Trump watched very closely as all this drama played out on the…
RT @NewsHour: A white Chicago police officer was convicted today in the shooting death of a black teenager. Jason Van Dyke was found guilty…
RT @NewsHour: Community members say today's conviction "is at least some sort of justice for Laquan McDonald," @BrandisFriedman of @wttw's…
This from the president’s son. https://t.co/xnIjzEcFQH
RT @rachelwellford: Scalia 98-0	Kennedy 97-0	Souter 90-9	Thomas 52-48	Ginsburg 96-3	Breyer 87-9	Roberts 78-22	Alito 58-42	Sotomayor 68-31	K…
👀 https://t.co/lC6qlQKU4b
RT @WGNErik: Front page of the Tribune evening edition. @WGNRadioNews @WGNNews https://t.co/zUupYz8jKw
Wesley with the good points. https://t.co/oDZpHMXoPT
Remember, President Trump has visited West Virginia over and over again. 		The WH counseled Brett Kavanaugh to show fight during his testimony.		All that seems to be paying off.
Senator Joe Manchin, who is the only Democrat voting yes, just said: I didn't look at this from a political standpoint.
BREAKING: Susan Collins is a YES.
RT @kasie: “The #metoo movement is real. It matters,” @SenatorCollins says.		She, however, is going to viewed as a great villain by those i…
Susan Collins: "The Me Too movement is real...It is needed...It is long overdue...We must listen to survivors."
Susan Collins: Dr. Ford's claims don't meet the threshold of more likely than not having happened....I do not believe these charges can prevent Kavanaugh from serving on the court.
Senator Susan Collins says she believes Dr. Ford is a survivor of sexual assault but is now going through all the people who said they can't remember being at the party where Ford said she was assaulted by Kavanaugh.
Susan Collins says Dr. Ford's testimony was "sincere, painful, and compelling." 		"Nevertheless, the four witnesses she named could not corroborate."
Senator Susan Collins: The senate confirmation process is not a trial. I cannot abandon the "presumption of innocence."
RT @kasie: This is very carefully produced TV by Collins —&gt; https://t.co/WiyYcQZkyU
RT @MylesMill: CHICAGO (AP) - Jury convicts white Chicago police officer of second-degree murder in shooting of black teenager Laquan McDon…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: A jury in Chicago is announcing its verdict in the murder trial of police officer Jason Van Dyke in the 2014 shoo…
RT @sarajust: The pressure builds in Maine https://t.co/fsbIsJ9KtC
"I think Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated over the last several weeks exactly what you would want out of a Supreme Court Justice," Sarah Sanders said. "The president supports his nominee and wants to see him get confirmed."
Sarah Sanders also said, "We want to see this happen and Judge Kavanaugh get confirmed." 		As she has in the past, she said that Kavanaugh has "done more than any other nominee in history in terms of the amount of documents he has turned over, the hours of testimony, interviews."
I just asked Sarah Sanders at WH twice if she was worried about senators changing their minds at the last min given that Murkowski decided her vote on the way to the chamber. First, she said she thinks Dems should change their minds &amp; then said "We feel good about where we are."
The White House feels confident they have the votes to confirm Kavnaugh.		But think about this: Lisa Murkowski decided to vote no on cloture while she was walking to cast her vote. And Jeff Flake, who is now a firm yes, said he was a yes and then delayed this thing by a week.
That’s incredible. https://t.co/69khUtybxm
RT @kyledcheney: “I believe Brett Kavanaugh is a good man,” she says. But he’s “not the right man for the court.”
RT @kyledcheney: MURKOWSKI says she didn’t make up her mind until walking into the vote. “None of this has been fair.” https://t.co/Hy8UdeC…
To be clear, WH aides have said they believe they have the votes to confirm Brett Kavanaugh. Of course, no one will be 100% sure until the final vote tomorrow.
RT @ZekeJMiller: Still Anonymous: White House hunt for op-ed author fades (from @AP) https://t.co/LUcD5ng2qD
RT @johnrobertsFox: Sources familiar with Senate lobbying efforts tell me the WH believes @Sen_JoeManchin will vote to confirm Kavanaugh, b…
Subject line of new Trump campaign email: “KAVANAUGH CLEARED” https://t.co/n221R3FAzx
What a morning. Joe Manchin could be the only Dem voting for Kavanaugh in the final vote and the crucial vote to confirm him. 		President Trump is likely watching this in real time.
RT @frankthorp: ON CLOTURE:		KEY YES VOTES:	Collins	Flake	Manchin		KEY NO VOTE:	Murkowski
RT @LisaDNews: Wow Manchin is a yes.
RT @LisaDNews: Murkowski's no was quiet - press corps all verified w each other that it was "no".
RT @LisaDNews: MURKOWSKI NO(!!)
RT @kasie: It is truly stunning that this vote on Kavanaugh is happening exactly a year to the day from the @nytimes publishing its Weinste…
RT @timkmak: White House spokesperson for Judge Kavanaugh confirmation team was asked by @NPRinskeep whether they had 50 votes for Kavanaug…
RT @deirdrekwalsh: White House spokeswoman Kerri Kupec on NPR's Morning Edition: "We are confident Judge Kavanaugh will be confirmed"
The president digging in and attacking Democrats. https://t.co/sy85At7ZBz
RT @jdawsey1: Trump mocks Al Franken for resigning quickly amid sexual harassment allegations. And, well, a lot more. W/@feliciasonmez	http…
RT @jamiedupree: BREAKING - Judge Kavanaugh authors opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal - "I'm an Independent, Impartial Judge" https:…
RT @ktullymcmanus: I’ve been talking to protesters on both sides for weeks.  Pro-Kavanaugh people have been much less willing to provide th…
The White House just sent out this vigorous defense of Kavanaugh and attack on Democrats to reporters. https://t.co/FZHB2EswHF
RT @ScottHech: Classy @OrrinHatch telling a group of survivors to “grow up” while he literally shoos them away with his hand. https://t.co/…
@SylvanSolloway @ninaagrawalmd I had not seen this. Thanks for sharing!
RT @kasie: https://t.co/OkYxN0Y1bQ
RT @LisaDNews: BREAKING - NEW: Cornyn just told me the cloture vote will be tomorrow around 10:30a.		That sets up final Kavanaugh confirmat…
RT @kasie: This language just about sums up the mood on Capitol Hill https://t.co/G9mlwo4J1f
I asked Sen Hatch what he makes of people alleging that the White House controlled &amp; limited the scope of FBI investigation.		He told me, "I don't believe that. And, I know the FBI. They are not going to be told what to do by anybody."		Note: The WH can tell the FBI what to do.
Senator John Cornyn: I hope that history records that  we treated Dr. Ford with “respect and dignity.” “We’ve done the best we could...But it’s time now to vote.”
Senator Grassley: I would never use the term “fake news” but reporters were not interviewing Kavanaugh supporters outside my office. (Note: There have clearly been interviews of pro Kavanaugh people on TV and in newspapers.)
Senator John Cornyn says the FBI was not limited in asking questions.
RT @juliehdavis: President Trump has signed his memorandum cutting the refugee cap for 2019 to 30,000 (down from 45k), the level SecState P…
RT @daveweigel: NB: Trump won by flipping MI, PA, and WI. All three have Dem senators up for re-election next month. All are "no" votes on…
Senator John Cornyn: Now is the time to quit these antics and finally confirm Judge Kavanaugh.
RT @kasie: This was a very good interview with @KatyTurNBC —&gt; https://t.co/3ll7Fe2vYM
Senator Hatch: Democrats should be worried about a Republican getting this seat because they thought they were going to win the 2016 election.
Senator Grassley: “Hopefully we are about 48 hours away from having a new person on the Supreme Court.”
Senator Grassley says he “feels good” about where Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination stands. He was smiling just before he walked up to the podium. “Judge Kavanaugh should be confirmed on Saturday.”
Sen Mitch McConnell just now: The FBI report did not corroborate Dr. Ford’s accusations ... There’s no way anything we did would satisfy the Democrats.
RT @LisaDNews: WHY IS HEITKAMP A NO? She writes:	- We need to take politics out of the Supreme Court as much as possible	- I voted for Just…
Big news. https://t.co/0souBVXlAL
President Trump answered no questions from reporters on the White House lawn just now. The questions I shouted several times: 1) Do you have the votes to confirm Judge Kavanaugh? 2) Why did you mock Dr. Ford at your Mississippi rally?
Now, I and dozens of reporters are waiting at the White House to see if President Trump will take questions. https://t.co/vxqK3FyxL6
Dr. Ford’s lawyers also included a list of people they say the FBI failed do interview who would have “challenged the credibility of Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony before the Senate Committee on the Judiciary.” They add, “They remain available to talk with law enforcement.” https://t.co/WDNfhXxhAr
A key part of this letter: “It took tremendous courage for Dr. Ford to come forward...She was eager to talk to the FBI. The “investigation” conducted over the past five days is a stain on the process, on the FBI and on our American ideal ofjustice.” https://t.co/z7OlDqD6JK
NEW: Letter from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford's counsel to FBI Director Wray. https://t.co/U1FXaq7Xqs
RT @LisaDNews: NOW: Sens Collins and Murkowski are among those in the secure area for reading the FBI report.  Believe they expect to be th…
RT @frankthorp: FLAKE leaves briefing on the FBI supplemental background investigation saying he plans to go back and read more of the repo…
Sarah Sanders wouldn’t discuss details of FBI report but said White House was pleased with the way the FBI conducted its latest investigation.
“We allowed the FBI to do exactly what they do best,” Sarah Sanders said. “We haven’t micromanaged this process. We accommodated all of the Senate’s requests. The president was very clear about that and allowed the FBI to make those decisions.”
RT @FoxNews: .@PressSec: "It's time for the Senate to vote. Everything that has been asked by the Democrats is out there." https://t.co/TJ6…
RT @RajShah45: committee interviews, over 1,200 questions for the record and over a half million pages of documents. With this additional i…
RT @RajShah45: With Leader McConnell’s cloture filing, Senators have been given ample time to review this seventh background investigation.…
RT @RajShah45: .@WhiteHouse statement on @FBI supplemental background investigation into Judge Brett Kavanaugh: 		“The White House has rece…
This week’s cover of @TIME. https://t.co/Ufvh8deYK9
NEW Statement from counsel to Dr. Christine Blasey Ford: "We are profoundly disappointed that after the tremendous sacrifice she made in coming forward, those directing the FBI investigation were not interested in seeking the truth." https://t.co/xV3z5Uzaem
RT @NewsHour: The nomination of Brett Kavanaugh "has really become a moment of cultural reckoning, and President Trump is responding to how…
RT @NewsHour: President Trump has triggered fresh cries of foul in the fight over Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. @Yamiche reports h…
New letter sent to Senator Grassley this afternoon from counsel of Dr. Christine Ford. https://t.co/4R0hUbWfl8
My husband’s hot take of the presidential alert. https://t.co/KuPxdfdmAL
RT @daveweigel: Literally every Republican said this in 2016 about SCOTUS and it worked out pretty well https://t.co/f67lvgE0gD
RT @maggieNYT: Did the opposite. Insisted he still believed they were guilty. https://t.co/CJuOtxWtXY
Welp. That happened. https://t.co/lAGn57mfdh
I was at the WH press briefing but didn’t get called on today. My Q’s: Why did the president decide to change his tone &amp; mock Dr. Ford? And why did the president say he was a self-made billionaire and only got small loans from his dad when he got about $413 million in today’s $?
A note on @ayesharascoe and @AprilDRyan’s great questions: President Trump has never acknowledged that the Central Park Five were wrongly convicted. Like never.
Sarah Sanders says it's up to the Senate whether the FBI interviews Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford. 		Fact Check: The WH is in charge of determining the scope of the FBI investigation and can give that clearance.
"I dispute that it was anything other than the president stating the facts," Sarah Sanders says of President Trump's comments on Dr. Ford in Mississippi last night.
Sarah Sanders says she is not aware of any plans for President Trump to release his tax returns.
Sarah Sanders says this of NYT story on Trump tax schemes: One thing that the did get right was that it showed the president's father had a lot of confidence in him.
Sarah Sanders says President Trump is not worried that his mocking Dr. Ford will hurt Kavanaugh's chances of getting votes from key senators. "The president is very confident in his nominee."
Sarah Sanders: "This entire process has been a disgrace."
Q: Why did the president mock Dr. Ford?		Sarah Sanders: "The president was stating the facts."
Sarah Sanders on accusations against Judge Kavanaugh: "It's a complete and total disgrace."
"They are literally trying to undercut the voice of the American people," Sarah Sanders says of Democrats opposing Judge Kavanaugh. "This is a coordinated smear campaign."
Wow. Connie Chung revealing she was sexually assaulted. https://t.co/YsTos1ykyu
RT @kaitlancollins: What the key senators think of President Trump ridiculing Christine Blasey Ford:	Flake: "Kind of appalling." 	Collins:…
I'm waiting for Sarah Sanders to start her press briefing. Lots of questions among White House reporters including myself.
RT @mj_lee: Murkowski on Trump mocking Ford last night: "I thought the President's comments yesterday mocking Dr. Ford were wholly inapprop…
RT @NewsHour: .@NewsHour special correspondent @ryanchilcote interviewed Russian President Vladimir Putin on his relationship with Trump, U…
RT @robpegoraro: Graham defends Trump's insulting of Dr. Ford last night. "Everything he said was factual," he says. "This is what you get…
My extended interview w/ @frontlinepbs: https://t.co/XKtp1pliSY		One quote that resonates today: "Pres Trump hits the campaign trail again because it’s one where he feels really, really comfortable...He sets himself up as the only person who can tell his followers the truth."
If you missed @frontlinepbs last night, you can watch "Trump's Showdown" online! https://t.co/fZhsMcfZOo
RT @NBCPolitics: More than 40 people with potential information for the investigation into sexual misconduct allegations against Judge Kava…
RT @kylegriffin1: NYT Ed Board on the tax report: "Increasingly, Mr. Trump's willingness to bend the truth — and the rules — in the service…
RT @WaPoVanessa: Trump’s mockery of Christine Blasey Ford underscores his scorn for the #MeToo movement, @jameshohmann writes in The Daily…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: Sergei Skripal "is a spy, a traitor" and someone "who betrayed his fatherland," Russian President Vladimir Putin said…
RT @jeffmason1: .⁦@FLOTUS⁩ visits a castle in Ghana where slaves were held before being sent to America. https://t.co/zF5LtJ5kif
RT @IAmDanCooney: Good morning! We're standing by for @ryanchilcote's interview with Russia's president. 		Watch my account — I'll do my be…
I’m on @Morning_Joe this morning. Tune in!
RT @Fahrenthold: One story I'm looking back at today: this @propublica story about @realDonaldTrump selling condos to Eric Trump in 2016 fo…
RT @markberman: This report from @NickMiroff is horrifying: DHS inspectors make unannounced visit to private, for-profit immigration jail,…
President Trump mocked Dr. Ford and the crowd laughed along and ate it up.		A sign of the times. https://t.co/OliMQOiU0p
A sign of the times and why President Trump mocked Dr. Ford because many of his supporters would laugh at it. https://t.co/UGVwLT44Uu
@rochelleriley 'They' is Democrats.
President Trump on the midterms: "This election is about safety and prosperity. They are going to take your wealth away."
What a change in tone. Early on, WH aides were saying Pres Trump was going to be reserved on Kavanaugh. He said he wanted to hear from Dr. Ford. He called her testimony credible. Now, he's openly mocking Dr. Ford before thousands of people in Mississippi and millions more on TV.
RT @CillizzaCNN: "How did you get home? I don’t remember. How did you get there? I don’t remember. Where is the place? I don’t remember. Ho…
RT @jdawsey1: “Think of your son, think of your husband,” Trump says, telling crowd men are being unfairly targeted. Comes after he attacke…
RT @jdawsey1: Trump is now attacking Christine Blasey Ford's account on stage in Mississippi, reminding the crowd that she didn't know how…
RT @maggieNYT: Trump now mocking Ford testimony at MS rally. Asks repeated questions, answers to laughter, “I don’t know,” over and over.
RT @NewsHour: President Trump personally feels that he should stick by Brett Kavanaugh because "Democrats could then embarrass him if he ha…
New statement from WH Press Sec Sarah Sanders on NYT Story. https://t.co/BECpYnojRd
RT @NewsHour: Tonight on @PBS: @frontlinepbs reports on the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and how it may thr…
In Kavanaugh’s 1983 letter, he writes, “I think we are unanimous that any girls we can beg to stay there are welcomed with open....,” this ellipsis at the end leaving certain things unsaid. https://t.co/hnOwHJB5oy
RT @scottwongDC: TRUMP sends letter and clips to lawmakers w/HUGE signature: “The trade deal, USMCA, has received fantastic reviews” https:…
NEW: Here's a letter Dr. Ford's lawyers sent to FBI Director Christopher Wray. https://t.co/zthkDZ4cxY
RT @Fahrenthold: Statement from the NY State Taxation authority, regarding this blockbuster NYT story: "The Tax Department is reviewing the…
RT @jacobsoboroff: Two scathing reports from DHS OIG about Trump administration treatment of migrants. 		First says DHS wasn’t prepared for…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: President Trump addresses the National Electrical Contractors Association (@necanet) Convention in Phila…
Tune in tonight to watch this amazing documentary. And it’s my @frontlinepbs debut. https://t.co/TriIzXKPVl
This was an extraordinary moment. https://t.co/rddhDroAnB
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: Federal officials announce arrests of multiple people in connection with the 2017 attack on protesters o…
RT @kasie: SCHUMER GETS PERSONAL ON MCCONNELL: “The *gall* of the man to complain about a one-week delay” after Merrick Garland, he says
President Trump said he is sticking with Brett Kavanaugh and said again that Dr. Ford does not have anyone corroborating her story.
President Trump stopped and talked to reporters and offered us a several minutes long defense of Brett Kavanaugh.
RT @jacobsoboroff: This is America.		ICE's Adelanto Processing Center in California -- where I've been twice to meet a separated father for…
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Trump in February directed Michael Cohen to obtain a restraining order to stop Stormy Daniels from describing her alle…
RT @itscaitlinhd: And continues, "DHS provided inconsistent information to aliens who arrived with	children during Zero Tolerance, which re…
RT @itscaitlinhd: (paraphrased) the Government encouraged all asylum seekers to come to ports of entry, but used "metering" to limit the fl…
RT @itscaitlinhd: Additionally, CBP held alien children separated under the policy for long periods in facilities intended solely for short…
RT @itscaitlinhd: The DHS Inspector General report on family separation begins, "DHS was not fully prepared to implement the Administration…
RT @itscaitlinhd: (paraphrase) On June 23, 2018, DHS announced that there was “a central	database” that could be used to track the location…
Currently waiting for President Trump to emerge from the White House. https://t.co/x0kGE7nOtO
RT @markberman: The White House issues a corrected transcript of the exchange yesterday where the president, speaking in the Rose Garden, t…
RT @TMannWSJ: President Trump personally directed a legal effort to silence Stormy Daniels through his son Eric and Michael Cohen.  https:/…
RT @patrickhealynyt: Pretty cool: Alex Burns, one of our best NY Times political reporters, is texting first-hand insights, intel &amp; experie…
Trump administration halts visas for same-sex partners of diplomats - USA TODAY https://t.co/1vxnovZEBi
RT @davidgura: UPDATE, from @thecrimson: "Brett M. Kavanaugh will not return to teach at Harvard Law School in January." https://t.co/oUjbv…
RT @SteveEder: NEW: Kavanaugh was questioned by police after a bar fight in 1985 that resulted in one person going to the hospital. Judge K…
RT @NewsHour: President Trump has directed the FBI to expand its investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct against his Supreme Co…
RT @NewsHour: How involved is the White House in setting parameters for what the FBI can look into during its investigation? @Yamiche repor…
RT @ddale8: One of my Trump-era media pet peeves is when Trump belittles or insults someone and it's described with words like "sparred" or…
The White House just sent out statements from Judge Kavanaugh's Yale suitemates and classmates Dan Murphy and Chris Dudley. https://t.co/jzYUcjBkTL
RT @jeneps: Another poll shows the Georgia governor’s race tight. This one is 48% Kemp-46% Abrams.  https://t.co/UBtWTBcMkm
RT @kylegriffin1: Missouri Senate	Claire McCaskill 47%	Josh Hawley 44%		Nevada Senate	Jacky Rosen (D) 47%	Dean Heller (R) 43%	https://t.co/…
RT @JonLemire: Overheard at coffee shop: a boy, about 10, looking through today's New York Times, sees Kavanaugh story.		"Dad," he asks, "w…
RT @axios: Mitch McConnell says Democrats, after demanding an FBI investigation, won't be satisfied at its conclusion:  "If you listen care…
RT @jeneps: Flake says he's been talking to Senate colleagues and the White House counsel's office to make sure "any current, credible alle…
RT @peterbakernyt: Breaking: White House authorizes FBI to expand its abbreviated investigation into sexual misconduct allegations against…
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: SCOOP: The F.B.I. has already completed interviews with the four witnesses its agents were originally asked to talk to,…
RT @Robillard: Notable absence from @BarackObama’s new round of endorsements: Keith Ellison for attorney general in Minnesota. https://t.co…
Amb Lighthizer also said, "This agreement (USMCA) is better than TPP really pretty much across the board." He added that he talks to members of Congress almost everyday and that President Trump wanted a deal that both parties would support.
Amb Robert Lighthizer said he expects USMCA, the new trade deal with US, Mexico and Canada, to pass Congress easily and with the support of labor and business groups, environmentalists, and both Democrats and Republicans.
“The president demanded action and it was really in that spirit that we could all come together," Jared Kushner said. "“The president is very focused on results and he’s very focused on trying to see us do it at a speed...that has kept, obviously, our feet to the fire.”
NEW: Jared Kushner and Amb Robert Lighthizer just talked to reporters at the White House for 30 mins about the new trade deal with Canada and Mexico, USMCA. “There is no president, I believe, that ever knew the details of an agreement like this president,” Lighthizer told us.
RT @itscaitlinhd: NEW: I've gotten a lot of questions about the migrant kids who are headed to a tent city in Texas. Here are the answers:…
President Trump just said one of his few good traits is that he has never had alcohol.
President Trump now calling out Senator Richard Blumenthal saying he lied about his service in Vietnam. “Now he acts like how dare you.”
President Trump offered “thoughts and prayers” for the people in Las Vegas on the anniversary of the mass shooting there last year.
President Trump said he’s hearing from business owners who have been hiring people who have served time in prison and that “most” of those people have been great workers.
President Trump: “We formed a great partnership with Mexico and Canada. ... Anything you submit to Congress is trouble.”
President Trump: “We are going to be a manufacturing powerhouse.”
President Trump: It’s a provelege to do business with us and I’m not talking about Mexico and China but everybody...China...Japan.
President Trump: “This is a big deal for farmers...The agreement will give farmers far greater access...”
President Trump praises the current and incoming presidents of Mexico and the prime minister of Canada saying all three countries will benefit. “It’s a very very good deal for all three.”
President Trump says new deal is the biggest trade deal in history. Here’s details about it: https://t.co/aNDRkb0cKo
President Trump says new trade deal is named “USMCA.”
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Trump to deliver remarks on NAFTA replacement. https://t.co/1Y6fZT4xrS
@abbydphillip @carolynryan @kasie @KasieDC Note: Even if your phone is on do not disturb, if your mom is on your favorite’s list, it will ring!
RT @loisbeckett: Covering the Trump White House: 	NYT: 7 reporters, all white 	Politico: 7 reporters, all white 	WSJ, Reuters, USA Today: n…
@carolynryan @kasie @KasieDC My mom was horrified when my cousin called her to ask if she had just called me on live TV!
I’m at the White House waiting for President Trump to begin his remarks on the new trade deal between the United States, Mexico and Canada. (Note: It still needs to be ratified by Congress to be implemented.) https://t.co/s4es8bsGEx
An interesting read: https://t.co/6e2aFkCEyj
RT @itscaitlinhd: Hundreds of migrant kids are being shipped each week to a tent city in South Texas, where they won’t get schooling or hav…
RT @kasie: The quote that explains it all https://t.co/oyklJn4FgQ
RT @emmersbrown: Another Yale classmate comes forward to dispute Kavanaugh’s portrayal of his drinking. The last time they socialized, clas…
I definitely passed this along to my mom who is now watching and thought I was on my way home from the airport. I stopped by @KasieDC as soon as I landed. https://t.co/BxK2c4pSIL
RT @KasieDC: A week in Washington for the history books. We'll cover it all with tonight's lineup:		@MichaelAvenatti	@PeteWilliamsNBC	@Tiff…
A must read by @itscaitlinhd: Migrant Children Moved Under Cover of Darkness to a Texas Tent City https://t.co/EVgH1p8COA
RT @tackettdc: “...entitled white men acting like the new minority, howling about things that are being taken away from them, aggrieved at…
I’m on @MSNBC this morning discussing Kavanaugh now. Tune in.
RT @nytimesworld: Political assassinations are rising sharply in South Africa. And in most cases, A.N.C officials are killing one another i…
RT @tackettdc: Brett Kavanaugh Testimony: Three Inconsistencies the F.B.I. Investigation Could Address https://t.co/nRJLoVyDdN
RT @GeoffRBennett: .@realDonaldTrump tells me on the South Lawn that “the FBI is talking to everybody. I would expect it’s going to turn ou…
RT @GeoffRBennett: I asked @realDonaldTrump about @JeffFlake's role in forcing the FBI investigation into the Kavanaugh allegations: "Well,…
RT @PoliticsNation: Don't forget to tune in tomorrow! We have,@SenWarren @AaronBlake , @Yamiche , @davidbrockdc and @CevallosLaw only on #P…
RT @nickpugz: Sen. Loretta Weinberg today shared her story for the first time of being sexually assaulted at 13: “I am 83 years old and I s…
RT @Fahrenthold: I always wonder why, in the first days of his admin, @realDonaldTrump didn't just ask Congress for some vague, blanket app…
I’ll be on @hardball in a few minutes. Tune in!
RT @hardball: Tonight on #Hardball: The latest on the Kavanaugh nomination. We'll talk to @kasie, @michelleinbklyn, @LawProfButler, @RepRya…
RT @Fahrenthold: Judge is *NOT* saying that @realdonaldtrump is violating the Constitution by doing biz w/ foreign govts. Just that Dems ca…
From WH just now: "American Bar Association Standing Committee reaffirming their unanimous, well-qualified rating of Judge Kavanaugh." https://t.co/Ju301NaNAY
RT @aabramson: NEW: Statement from Ford's attorney Debra Katz. Ford appreciates the FBI investigation but doesn't think there should be a t…
Full statement from Brett Kavanaugh: "I’ve done everything they have requested and will  continue to cooperate.” https://t.co/iZgk7vUGmM
RT @PressSec: Statement from President @realDonaldTrump:	“I’ve ordered the FBI to conduct a supplemental investigation to update Judge Kava…
RT @jimsciutto: New: A White House official says President Trump will authorize and order a supplemental FBI background investigation into…
RT @NewsHour: Has Trump thought about a replacement for Kavanaugh? ‘Not even a little bit,’ the president says (via @Yamiche) https://t.co/…
My latest: President Donald Trump praised Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s emotional, angry and at times combative Senate testimony as “incredible” and said Friday that he had "not even a little bit” considered any replacement nominees. https://t.co/l6cofrYB3h
RT @MikeScarcella: Mark Judge's lawyer: "If the FBI or any law enforcement agency requests Mr. Judge’s cooperation, he will answer any and…
RT @markknoller: Asked about Dr Blasey Ford's testimony yesterday, Pres Trump said he thought it was "very compelling." Said "she looks lik…
RT @KThomasDC: I asked @POTUS if he had a message for Sens. Collins + Murkowski on the Kavanaugh nomination.		Trump: "They have to do what…
RT @ddale8: Trump calls Kavanaugh's testimony ”an incredible moment in the history of our country.” He says there has never been anything l…
RT @costareports: The possible week delay adds the variable of the president's fury with Flake and the stalled process. Whatever Trump says…
President Trump called Kavanaugh's emotional, at times angry testimony "incredible."
President Trump: "I thought her testimony was very compelling and she looks like a very fine woman."
Per pool: Pres Trump called Ford's testimony both "compelling" and "credible." He was very pleased with Kavanaugh's testimony. He said he refused to twist any arms of undecided senators saying he had "no message" for them and they have to do what makes them comfortable.
President Trump just now, "Whatever they think is necessary is OK....We will see what happens."
President Trumps says at the WH that he believe this nomination "will work out for the country."		He said he has not thought of a replacement for Kavanaugh.
President Trump, when asked at the WH how the nomination is going, says “hopefully good.”
RT @MacFarlaneNews: NEW:   Montgomery County (Md) police chief and prosecutor release letter ".. stand ready to investigate any sexual assa…
RT @cristymsilva: 'Your life and family are not ruined': Parkland father slams Kavanaugh https://t.co/0YfoAMOcUX via @usatoday
RT @davidgura: On @MSNBC, @KellyO says "sources in the room" tell her "there are serious conversations" among members of the Senate Committ…
RT @JDiamond1: .@DanaBashCNN is told delay is about serious conversations now underway about how and whether a brief additional investigati…
RT @seungminkim: Senators are all starting to come back
Rewatching this video as I wait for the president at the White House. https://t.co/ZlQxnFbyyu
RT @ddale8: The women who confronted Flake in the elevator were Ana Maria Archila, co-executive director of the left-leaning Center for Pop…
RT @AsteadWesley: NEW: I spoke to the women who confronted Jeff Flake in that Capitol Hill elevator. w/ @NirajC 	https://t.co/93UZZbhtmp
Senator Kennedy: "How we treat women in America does matter. This is no country for creepy old men, or young men, or middle aged men....But this is no country...without due process."
Senator Kennedy: "Whatever happened, happened 40 years ago... I don't know what happened to Dr. Ford...I do believe something bad happened to Dr. Ford and I am very sorry. And I do not believe Judge Brett Kavanaugh was involved and that is why I will support his nomination."
Senator Kennedy: "There were no winners in this room yesterday. None. All I saw were two people, two human beings in pain."
RT @benyc: Grassley as Sen. Booker speaks in Judiciary Committee - looks like a stopwatch on his phone: https://t.co/tFFq6Nx6Sf
RT @frankthorp: With @SenatorTester and @SenDonnelly coming out as NOs today, and @JeffFlake coming out as a YES, Kavanaugh's nomination is…
Senator Cory Booker on Dr. Ford: She asked for an FBI investigation. She asked for more witnesses. She wasn't given that and she came here...She shared a "raw and visceral" testimony. 		"I believe her," Booker says.
Rah Shah also said this of President Trump: "The president never wavered in his support...He listened and he thought Judge Kavanaugh was compelling. That is that."
Raj Shah adds, "When there are reports that (Trump) is upset, it is because his nomination may have taken a hit. People are misinterpreting that as personal. No. He wants this man confirmed. He is fighting for his confirmation. He is pushing for his confirmation.”
Raj Shah, WH principal deputy press secretary, tells me: "The White House has been very actively engaging the Senate. We continue to do do." 		He added, Trump "is invested in Judge Kavanaugh’s success and as a result, he is talking about it. He nominated him. He believes in him."
Senator Jon Tester is a NO on Kavanaugh.
RT @NBCNews: WATCH: Democratic senators speak out against the Kavanaugh vote after walking out of the cmte. hearing. https://t.co/JmkyWfI6K0
Senator Coons: What about our conduct would encourage someone to come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct?		"I tonight will pray for our nation," he says.
RT @markberman: Kavanaugh yesterday in his testimony highlighted 1. Yale Law School and 2. his American Bar Association rating		The ABA and…
Senator Ted Cruz: "Unfortunately, the conduct of our Democratic colleagues, it is clear this has all been about politics."		Cruz says Dems want to keep Supreme Court seat open until 2021.
Senator Ted Cruz now saying that people should think about Judge Kavanaugh's daughter having to go to school and be reminded that their father was accused of rape.
RT @LisaDNews: Both Grassley and Cornyn were talking with their sep. staff while Klobuchar was speaking (that's what she was noting, pausin…
Seantor Ted Cruz: We are living in divided times. I know there are many  Americans who believe that we can get back to an environment of "civility."		"The politics of personal destruction is Washington, DC at its very ugliest."
RT @LauraLitvan: !!NEW: Susan Collins just told my colleague @sahilkapur that she hasn't made her mind up yet on Brett Kavanaugh's confirma…
RT @LisaDNews: Not a single GOP senator is consistently looking at Sen. @amyklobuchar as she speaks with clear emotion right now.    		Some…
Senator Joe Donnelly just announced that he is voting NO on Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court.		He is a red state Dem who weighed this heavily.
Senator Amy Klobuchar: "The times are changing now...The chairman thanked her for her bravery. Where is the bravery in this room?"
Senator Amy Klobuchar on Dr. Ford: This is a woman with no political background....She did it when the nominee was on a short list...Don't argue that she is back of some massive political attack. "This is not a good process but this is all we've got," she adds.
Senator Amy Klobuchar: "This is not normal."
RT @pemalevy: Sen. Whitehouse just held up Kavanaugh's calendar, points to July 1, 1982, and says this may be powerful corroborating eviden…
Senator Whitehouse: "People are catching on...It will be a disaster for the court."
Sen Whitehouse: "Do you think Investigator Kavanaugh would have tolerated letters like this?...Never in a million years...We have done a botch of an investigation. Over time, I expect the facts to come out. Cover ups never last. Sand is running through Kavanaugh's hourglass."
RT @WmBrangham: What the FBI can/can't investigate with regards to Kavanaugh.	Re-upping our @newshour explainer from last week.	 https://t.…
Lindsey Graham talking identity at the #KavanaughHearings. https://t.co/S5fiwKUPKM
RT @jimsciutto: “I’m a single white male from South Carolina, and I’m told I should just shut up, but I will not shut up,” @LindseyGrahamSC…
RT @frankthorp: Sen @JeffFlake has been mostly looking down, frowning, with an almost pained looked on his face at times, during this Judic…
RT @axios: Watch: A sexual assault survivor confronted Sen. Jeff Flake shortly after he announced he will vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh	h…
RT @LisaDNews: LEAHY: "it feels like Alice in Wonderland around here.  ... This Judiciary Committee is no longer and independent of governm…
The WH just sent out an email pushing for Kavanaugh using The Wall Street Journal Editorial board.		Email subject ine: The Wall Street Journal: “Confirm Brett Kavanaugh”
An important read: Four possible outcomes for Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation by @LisaDNews 		https://t.co/r6hjvTbSb8
RT @LisaDNews: COMMITTEE VOTE WHEN: Grassley is now having committee vote that vote should occur at 1:30 p ET.
RT @LisaDNews: NOW: Sev Dem Senators have left the hearing in protest.		Saw: Harris, Hirono, Whitehouse, Blumenthal.
From yesterday. https://t.co/fX77aM4pR3
RT @seungminkim: Dems are walking out
RT @LisaDNews: WHAT IS HAPPENING IN JUDICIARY NOW. GOP has clearly instructed their clerk to:		- almost instantly move to votes before Demo…
RT @SherylNYT: Democratic women of the House marching to Kavanaugh confirmation vote. Echoes of Anita Hill. https://t.co/0O6Rc3SeAP
Flake is a yes on Kavanaugh. https://t.co/ZFxdC6Qj72
It’s not surprising that Pres Trump is even more in Kavanaugh’s corner.  Trump sees himself in Kavanaugh and Kavanaugh acted much like Trump. He was aggressive, shouting, emotional, and at times combative — all things that Trump used to make it to the White House.
RT @LisaDNews: MCCONNELL statement now: 		"It would be imprudent, unfair, and unjust to delay proceedings even further on the basis of unco…
RT @learyreports: More here: https://t.co/DrWdvmwrni https://t.co/iKLwAAxqp5
RT @markberman: I'm stuck on Kavanaugh saying the allegations against him are an "orchestrated political hit" fueled by anger at Trump's el…
An example of some Republicans feelings from Senator Cotton. https://t.co/T9uE7Lkr2I
RT @davidgura: AN UPDATE, from my @NBCNews colleague @jacobsoboroff: 	 	There are still 136 migrant children in the federal government's cu…
RT @hardball: "It was like Clarence Thomas plus crying. It was bizarre." @BarbaraBoxer on Kavanaugh's testimony. #Hardball
RT @LisaDNews: Now: Collins, Murkowski, Flake and Manchin are meeting.  Can confirm.
Brett Kavanaugh is once again back to being furious as Senator Blumenthal asks about RRenate Schroeder Dolphin. More on her here: https://t.co/DJw14ueynl
It's been a while since Rachel Mitchell spoke.
RT @costareports: President Trump is "riveted" and telling people, "This is why I nominated him," in a positive way, per person close to hi…
Senator Whitehouse: Does your calendar refer to throwing up because you were drinking?	Brett Kavanaugh: "I like beer. What do you like to drink?"
Senator Linsey Graham: "I intend to vote for you and I hope everyone who is fair minded will."
Linsey Graham is now questioning Brett Kavanaugh but I don't recall him asking Dr. Ford any questions. Reminder: Graham is a close ally of the president.
Linsey Graham: "This is the most unethical sham since I have been in politics."		Graham asks Kavanaugh: "Are you a gang rapist?"		Kavanaugh answers: "No."
Brett Kavanaugh is shouting at this point and crying as Senator Feinstein is calmly questioning him.
Question from Senator Feinstein: Why aren’t you asking for the FBI to investigate?	Kavanaugh: I wanted a hearing as soon as this came up. My family has been ruined. The FBI doesn’t reach conclusions.
RT @gabrielsherman: The crying has unnerved some White House aides, source says. “People don’t know why he is crying.”
Brett Kavanaugh, in defending himself, has said he has a female friend who was sexually assaulted, his mother was sexually harassed, and he has many women supporting him. He also said he would hire all female clerks if confirmed to the Supreme Court.
An angry Brett Kavanaugh says, "I am innocent of this charge."
Brett Kavanaugh again defending himself by saying he was a virgin in high school. "I never had sexual intercourse or anything like it in high school and for many years after."
Brett Kavanaugh: If every American who drank beer in high school is suddenly presumed guilty of sexual assault, we will be in an ugly place in this country. #KavanaughHearings
Brett Kavanaugh saying none of the people who Dr Ford says were at the party were there.
RT @kenvogel: BRETT KAVANAUGH spending a lot more time assailing Democrats, the confirmation process &amp; American politics more generally, th…
RT @mattloff: Brett Kavanaugh describes the last two weeks as an "embarrassment" and "nonsense" and a "circus" and an "attempt at Borking."…
RT @jameshohmann: Brett Kavanaugh is now highlighting at length his many years as a partisan Republican operative. The related paper trail…
Brett Kavanaugh: "I have been a good judge." #KavanaughHearings
Brett Kavanaugh now tearing up as he explains his 10 year old daughter said they should pray for Dr. Ford.
Brett Kavanaugh: "I have never sexually assaulted anyone."		He adds that one of his closest friends was sexually abused.
Kavanaugh says accusations are calculated political hit.
Brett Kavanaugh on accusations against him: "All nonsense...This has destroyed my family and my good name."
RT @davidgura: Judge Brett Kavanaugh is not reading from the prepared statement that was distributed yesterday. #KavanaughHearings
Judge Brett Kavanaugh sounds angry, is frowning throughout his opening testimony, and is fired up. This is the kind of defense President Trump wants.
Brett Kavanaugh: "Listen to the people I know...I was not at the party described by Dr. Ford...This confirmation process has become a national disgrace."
RT @HallieJackson: So what to expect when Judge Brett Kavanaugh faces questions later this afternoon? Per person close to him, he will “com…
I just asked the White House if President Trump or anyone at the White House had any involvement in hiring Rachel Mitchell. 		A WH aide says on background: "Committee interviewed &amp; hired her. No WH involvement."
Karl Rove, former senior advisor &amp; deputy chief of staff for George W. Bush, on Fox News right now: "This thing has become a Democrat cause célèbre...The president wants to get this across the line." 		He says he expects Repubs to stick with Kavanaugh.
The president is likely watching FOX News where right now commentators are not calling into question the credibility of Dr. Ford and are rather going after Democrats. 		Commentator on Fox News just now: "It's all good for the Democrats...The Democrats have a good talking point."
Senator Lindsey Graham: "I'm not going to reward people for playing a political game."
Senator Lindsey Graham on Dr. Ford: "She can't tell me the house, the month, or the year...She is a very competent...The FBI is going to tell us what? What city are they going to go to?...This is all delay."
Lindsey Graham seems very mad saying: Their goal is to lay this past the midterms and not have let Trump fill this seat. "I feel ambushed," Graham said. "This a nice lady...You don't have any corroboration."		I wonder about his choice of words after this testimony. Ambushed.
RT @seungminkim: When Harris mentioned the Maricopa County prosecutors' office guidance on dealing with sex crimes -- a clear dig at Mitche…
RT @JudyWoodruff: after prosecutor Rachel Martin, on behalf of Republicans, asks Christine Blasey Ford if Brett Kavanaugh did anything sexu…
A psychiatrist who works with Dr. Ford at Palo Alto Univ and wrote a letter in support of her tells me this about Dr. Ford:  “She is explaining that trauma to a young girls’ psychology is long lasting...She is describing what it feels like and ...that I don’t think we have seen.”
"I wish I could be more helpful," Dr. Ford tells Senator Booker.
A colleague of Ford tells me she is feeling "protectiveness and pride."		"It’s not her duty as a victim to educate us but she is educating us about the impact of being a victim of sexual assault &amp; what it means to be disregarded while 2 people are having fun &amp; you’re suffering."
RT @AlexNBCNews: More from Sen @LindseyGrahamSC: to my democratic colleagues - “If this is the new norm, you better watch out for your nomi…
RT @Emma_Dumain: A woman just told @LindseyGrahamSC she was raped. He said, as he headed into an elevator, "I'm sorry. Tell the cops."
This is also a civics lesson for many who have not seen senators in action.		I'm texting with a young lady who said she was "impressed with counselor Klobuchar." 		I reminded her that it is Senator Klobuchar.
The president's son. https://t.co/ntHi7MFpsI
Trump-Rosenstein meeting moved to next week, according to WH Press Sec Sarah Sanders. “The President spoke with Rod Rosenstein a few minutes ago and they plan to meet next week. They do not want to do anything to interfere with the hearing.”
Everywhere. Incredible moment. https://t.co/ePgmh0TQYS
RT @JudyWoodruff: "you've given America an incredible teaching moment" @SenBlumenthal to Christine Blasey Ford
RT @sarajust: Trumps' failure to ask for an FBI investigation is "tantamount to a cover up" says @SenBlumenthal
I was just walking outside the White House and a woman who looked to be in her 60s walked up to me and said, "I'm listening. She had me at laughter."		I stood there in shock. What a day for this nation.
Lots of shouted questions and no answers from President Trump. #KavanaughHearing https://t.co/Sm0GzMewrl
President Trump answered no questions as he arrived at the WH.
RT @MikeDelMoro: Chris Wallace on Fox News calls it a "disaster for the Republicans" says Ford's testimony is "extremely emotional, extreme…
My goodness. https://t.co/FsGsSFS7oi
RT @ZekeJMiller: Air Force One is wheels down at Andrews. Trump (and everyone aboard) is watching the hearing. Per @PressSec Trump was watc…
RT @PhilipRucker: "To say that everything that could go wrong for Brett Kavanaugh has is an understatement," @NicolleDWallace (a former Bus…
RT @DJJudd: From CNN's @DaniellaMicaela, outside the hearing room during the break: Senator Chuck Grassley tells reporters "I don't think I…
Waiting for President Trump on the south lawn of the White House. My question: Do you believe Dr. Ford’s testimony or do you think she is lying? https://t.co/UHxkVYnq6K
As the nation waits for the Senate Judiciary hearing to resume, Pres Trump is filing back to a tense Washington, DC. He will soon be walking across the south lawn of the White House where I and other reporters will be asking for his reaction to Dr. Ford's emotional testimony.
RT @LisaDNews: THIS IS THE MAP: GOP's Mitchell just asked Blasey Ford about.  They passed out copies to press. (Which, note were clearly re…
RT @sarajust: "100 percent" is the degree of certainty Blasey Ford tells Durbin she is sure her attacker was Brett Kavanaugh
RT @mj_lee: This visual: 11 male Republican senators watching as a female outside counsel they’ve chosen questions Christine Blasey Ford. h…
RT @kaitlancollins: Reminder that abuse victims or anyone struggling with sexual violence can find help by calling the National Sexual Assa…
Q: Have you told us everything that you remember?	Dr. Ford: I believe so.
RT @JudyWoodruff: 'indelible...is the uproarious laughter between the two and their having fun at my expense" Christine Blasey Ford answers…
RT @LisaDNews: SO. This is going to be a very odd ping pong of Mitchell for five minutes, then a Dem, then Mitchell, then a Dem. 		Grassley…
RT @NewsHour: "I have been accused of acting out of partisan political motives. Those who say that do not know me," Christine Blasey Ford s…
Senator Grassley interjecting literally caught me off guard because I hadn't realized he would need to interrupt after 5 minutes. This is going to be hard to watch.
Senator Feinstein puts into record 40 letters from people close to Dr. Ford and letter from 1,000 female physicians.
RT @NewsHour: "Apart from the assault itself, these past couple of weeks have been the hardest of my life. I've had to relive this trauma i…
RT @JudyWoodruff: "I am an independent person and I am no one's pawn. My motivation in coming forward was to provide the facts about how Mr…
RT @SavannahGuthrie: Source close to Christine Blasey Ford says she wrote this statement herself.
Some background on the lawyer questioning Dr. Ford today: https://t.co/Xw5KmxhgGw
"My responsibility is to tell you the truth," Dr. Ford says. "I have never been questioned by a prosecutor...I will do my best to answer your questions."
"People have posted by personal information and that of my parents...My family and I have been forced to move out of our home," Dr. Ford says.
This. https://t.co/qYZ0OBKp4j
Dr. Ford's emotional and gut wrenching testimony illustrates why her lawyers wanted her to testify publicly. This would not be the same on the phone answering questions from staffers.
RT @RonanFarrow: To Grassley’s claims that majority staff submitted numerous requests to other women with allegations, see below from Ramir…
RT @kasie: This is just gut wrenching.
Dr. Ford recounts how she told 2012 friends and her husband that Brett Kavanaugh assaulted her and that he may one day be on the Supreme Court.
"Brett's assault on me drastically altered my life," Dr. Ford say. #KavanaughHearings
"I believed he was going to rape me," Dr. Ford says of Judge Kavanaugh. #KavanaughHearings
Dr. Ford says like most gatherings that summer it was "spur of the moment." 		Note: This goes to the idea that this party may not have been on Kavanaugh's calendar.
"I am here today not because I want to be. I am terrified. I believe it is my civic duty to tell you what happened," Dr. Ford says holding back tears. #KavanaughHearings
I’m on @Morning_Joe right now. Tune in!
And now on to the last two episodes of @insecurehbo cause I need to catch up and it's been a long day!
RT @seungminkim: Very excited for my first co-byline w/ @PostRoz https://t.co/mmelC2QPxU
Oh, someone wanted more non-Trump news? Check this out by my friend @trymainelee. https://t.co/5i2OlJxLKT
RT @politico: Chuck Grassley asked for “all audio and video recordings” as well as all “charts and data” from Christine Blasey Ford’s polyg…
Completely understand you. I mainly wanted to remember the time I covered a Beyonce concert. https://t.co/zh9VfK6bUi
More non-Trump news. This time happy. https://t.co/hMDSsQDQTg
And The Daily News goes there. https://t.co/A5VMn7JC6j
Some non-Trump and non-Kavanaugh news that is important. https://t.co/PQjvbl0W0S
RT @PhilipRucker: Nobody can capture the zaniness of an 81-minute Trump news conference like @AshleyRParker.		Here ya go —&gt; https://t.co/jM…
RT @RonanFarrow: Ramirez’s lawyers made their letters to the FBI and Senate public. “She...repeatedly has asked the Committee to speak with…
RT @MSNBC: WATCH: While discussing the Kavanaugh allegations, a woman in Montana argues that an 18-year-old male groping a woman "is not a…
Awwww. Thanks Peter! I miss The Times too. https://t.co/P9tOeWTUZy
RT @NewsHour: "Yesterday, you were talking about your administration's accomplishments, at the United Nations, and a lot of the leaders lau…
RT @NewsHour: Here’s what the 4 affidavits supporting Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford say https://t.co/4WpbqoXSnM
RT @NewsHour: A majority of Americans believe the Senate should not confirm Supreme Court nominee #BrettKavanaugh if Christine Blasey Ford’…
Thanks Maggie. Also wasn’t just the last week as per the stories I tweeted. But again, most of my time was spent with Bernie Sanders. After Bernie lost, I went to a Hillary Clinton rally with Beyoncé and Jay Z and wrote mainly about race and Trump for a few weeks. https://t.co/GbX2YzkLgf
RT @maggieNYT: NEW - Matt Whitaker told people he was taking over as acting DAG because Kelly told Whitaker that Rosenstein was resigning a…
RT @sarajust: Quite an exchange with @yamiche https://t.co/8ohzVxPqE4
@nhannahjones @TheRoot Congrats @nhannahjones ! So happy for you. You’re a gem for so many people.
RT @AsteadWesley: Imagine working your whole life in your profession as a journalist to ask the President of the United States a serious qu…
RT @ddale8: New: Trudeau spokesperson suggests Trump was lying when he said he turned down a meeting with Trudeau.		"No meeting was request…
RT @NewsHour: "I do want to hear what [Christine Blasey Ford] says. I could be convinced of anything. Maybe she'll say something," Presiden…
RT @NewsHour: If the charge by Christine Blasey Ford is true, should Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed? @LisaDNews shares how Republicans and De…
RT @NewsHour: The focus was on Iran during President Donald Trump's day at the #UNGA today. @nickschifrin reports from New York. https://t.…
RT @NewsHour: "Yesterday, you were talking about your administration's accomplishments, at the United Nations, and a lot of the leaders lau…
I’m on @MSNBC @hardball right now from NYC. Tune in!
But, covering Senator Bernie Sanders was my main 2016 campaign gig and I was definitely just helping out on Trump since @maggieNYT, @AshleyRParker and @NYTnickc among others did most of the 2016 Trump campaign reporting for The Times.
I definitely miss The NYT &amp; respect Maggie’s reporting. But I did cover part of Pres. Trump’s campaign. I also rode the Trump press campaign plane during the last week of his campaign.  See these stories: https://t.co/NYkF1498Jw &amp; https://t.co/V1llyr9C2z &amp; https://t.co/hQm3VD6jvY https://t.co/znSa6oe8Nu
President Trump just wrapped his press conference after an hour and 20 minutes. Lots of news there.
President Trump: In this country, you are guilty until proven innocent. With that said, I look forward to hearing what Judge Kavanaugh and Professor Ford have to say.
My question to President Trump: Why did people laugh at you at the UN and what was that experience like?	President Trump: "They weren't laughing AT me. They were laughing WITH me."
Q: Will you pull out of NAFTA?	President Trump: "I don't like NAFTA."
President Trump says he rejected a one on one meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau because of trade differences.
President Trump: "Women are so angry and I frankly think that they like what the Republicans are doing."
President Trump says he is standing behind Judge Kavanaugh because he doesn't want other potential nominees to turn him down.
President Trump: President Obama told me he was close to going to war with North Korea.
President Trump on North Korea: "If I wasn't elected, there would have been a war."
President Trump 31 minutes into his press conference here in NYC. https://t.co/RR9l2cBVLu
President Trump says his preference would be to keep Deputy DG Rod Rosenstein and not fire him tomorrow.
President Trump: I have had a lot of false charges against me and it does impact my view of Kavanaugh. "I view it differently....It has happened to me," Trump says.
President Trump: "I was accused of four or five women who got paid."
President Trump says "it's possible" that he can change his mind but won't say whether all three women accusing Kavanaugh are liars.
President Trump says, "I wasn't happy with Roy Moore," trying to back away his support of Moore.
President Trump says @MichaelAvenatti came out with "another beauty" today.		Note: President Trump is talking about Julie Swetnick who is saying she was raped.
President Trump: "36 years...There is no charge."
President Trump defending Judge Kavanaugh: "Why did they wait so long?"
President Trump on Judge Kavanaugh: "This is one of the highest quality people I have ever met...What they have done to this man is incredible."
President Trump on Judge Kavanaugh: We will get votes from the Democrats if we win...because they are in states that I won by 30 or 40 votes.
President Trump: I think when you really look at it all, it's not going to change any of the Democrats minds....They want to destroy Kavanaugh's reputation. "It's a big fat con job."
A must read. “I Was Ashamed”: After Ford’s Accusation, Holton Alumnae Wrestle with Their Own Truths https://t.co/3XQuGjLhRJ
RT @senjudiciary: Chairman @ChuckGrassley today received Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s prepared written testimony ahead of tomorrow’s continuatio…
Wow. https://t.co/3LSv7H5Vho
RT @NYTmag: “Her reporting on segregation in housing and education has performed a critical public service.”		Congratulations to our very o…
Full quotes from Pres. Trump talking about Brett Kavanaugh from pool spray with Colombian leader. "I think he is just a wonderful human being. I think it is horrible what the Democrats have done. It is a con game, they are really con artists," Trump said, per pooler, @nancook. https://t.co/OljZPujhA7
RT @ZekeJMiller: NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — Judge in Bill Cosby sentencing rules that comedian is a "sexually violent predator"
RT @HallieJackson: Is there any circumstance under which the White House or President Trump would pull Judge Kavanaugh's nomination? @RajSh…
RT @jeffmason1: .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ tells #UNGA his administration has accomplished almost more than any other in the history of the United…
RT @NewsHour: "In less than two years, my administration has accomplished more than almost any administration in the history of our country…
RT @PeterKauffmann: The following is a statement from James Roche, Brett #Kavanaugh’s freshman roommate at Yale. https://t.co/VfHUgPj3cV
RT @RonanFarrow: Update: 2 Kavanaugh classmates withdrew from a statement his lawyers issued disputing Ramirez’s claims. It is now signed b…
RT @FoxNews: "The truth is, I've never sexually assaulted anyone." —Brett Kavanaugh		Watch @marthamaccallum's full interview with Judge Kav…
RT @FoxNews: "I'm not going to let false accusations drive us out of this process." —Brett Kavanaugh		Watch @MarthaMacCallum's full intervi…
Here's the letter Christine Blasey Ford sent to Senator Grassley: "While I am frightened, please know, my fear will not hold me back from testifying and 	you will be provided with answers to all of your questions. I ask for fair and respectful treatment." https://t.co/cfdWCP1Huc
Kavanaugh is not backing down as WH defends him. "I will not be intimidated into withdrawing from this process," Kavanaugh writes to senators.		Dr. Ford also isn't backing down, those close to Dr. Ford continue to support her and hundreds of protesters are also backing her.
NEW: Letter from Judge Brett Kavanaugh to Sen. Charles Grassley	and Sen. Dianne Feinstein. "These are smears, pure and simple. And they debase our public discourse," he writes. https://t.co/Kpd4Acrgb4
Sarah Sanders full statement saying Trump and Rosenstein will meet Thursday. https://t.co/m5QNep9SJm
RT @AsteadWesley: Dallas Police Dept announces it has fired Amber Guyger, the off duty officer who shot and killed Botham Jean in his own h…
New Andrew McCabe statement: https://t.co/nNsNHvyDot
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: Dep AG Rod Rosenstein is expecting to be fired, @LauraAJarrett reporting
RT @axios: BREAKING: Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has verbally resigned to Chief of Staff John Kelly in anticipation of being fir…
RT @NewYorker: 80,000 votes in 3 states put Trump in the White House. Now a meticulous analysis of online activity during the campaign make…
The Trump administration has deported more than 400 parents to their home countries without their children. To date, according to the latest status update Thursday, only 26 children from this group have been reunited.
RT @NewsHour: An immigrant father deported back to Honduras in June without his 6-year-old daughter has been reunited with her. @Yamiche re…
REMINDER: Hundreds of other deported parents haven't been reunited w/ their kids &amp; it is unclear how quickly reunifications abroad may happen. Many parents were flown back to capital cities in Central America &amp; they returned to rural villages, where they are often hard to reach.
On Friday, Marianita quietly smiled as she arrived at the airport in San Pedro Sula, Honduras. Her father acknowledged that there is a long road of healing ahead, but said he was grateful to finally have his daughter back in his arms. “I feel happy and nervous,” Misael tells me. https://t.co/BywVyqPlqM
“The government has always had the ability to reunite children with deported parents where the family wanted that outcome,” said Lee Gelernt, deputy director of the ACLU’s Immigrants’ Rights Project and the lead lawyer on the case.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which has filed a federal lawsuit against the Trump administration to have all separated families reunited, said nothing legally changed this week that would have led to Marianita being released quickly.
Here's the full story on Misael and Marianita's reunion: https://t.co/WVl3sssyNX
Efren Olivares, a lawyer with the @TXCivilRights, which helped Misael get his daughter home, said he believes lawyers pushing for Marianita’s release as well as the public learning about the family’s situation through the PBS NewsHour on Tuesday sped up their reunion.
An amazing update to my story on the Honduran dad who was deported without his daughter: Marianita, 6, was finally reunited with her dad, Misael, moments ago in Honduras. The little girl quietly smiled as her father wept. Watch this video of their emotional reunion. Story to come https://t.co/NwR7xO0ERA
RT @jeneps: Schumer on NYT story: “This story must not be used as a pretext for the corrupt purpose of firing Deputy Attorney General Rosen…
RT @Santucci: ABC confirming NYT scoop - Rosenstein told McCabe he could recruit Trump cabinet to invoke 25th Amendment https://t.co/glb1B6…
RT @seungminkim: THE LATEST -- Senate Judiciary Committee has sent their hearing counteroffer to Ford’s attorneys, and has asked them to re…
RT @NewsHour: Rosenstein denies that he proposed secretly taping Trump. https://t.co/P8XNa9FZA9
RT @costareports: "I have not communicated at all with Don McGahn or anyone at the White House, or Judge Kavanaugh, about the topic of the…
White House aides have been trying hard to keep the president on message. Now that the dam has broken, President Trump is back to making attacks and going with his gut. https://t.co/boPJZOZs1d
RT @Fahrenthold: The same donor -- who has now deleted the tweet w/racial slurs -- hosted a large event at @realDonaldTrump's Mar-a-Lago Cl…
RT @kasie: So I haven’t yet made any calls about this but I’m going to go ahead and predict this is help the Senate GOP was really not look…
RT @TracyJan: NEW: Ben Carson's HUD awarded promotions, raises to at least five political operatives with no housing policy experience with…
RT @NewsHour: Doctor testifies that the order of Laquan McDonald’s 16 gunshot wounds cannot be determined https://t.co/jsvJfCAJyb
RT @Jerickaduncan: https://t.co/JVmIydvDYw
RT @Fahrenthold: When a fire broke out at a seniors’  home in DC today, Marines from a nearby barracks ran over to rescue residents. https:…
RT @NewsHour: When asked by @LisaDNews if he questions whether there is a white nationalist movement in this country, Corey Stewart — a GOP…
RT @NewsHour: When asked if he believes a person of color faces limitations because of their race, Virginia Senate candidate Corey Stewart…
RT @NewsHour: Misael Ponce Herrera, a deported father, agonizes over getting his 6-year-old daughter back.		He's one of more than 400 paren…
RT @NewsHour: "There are a number of really serious ramifications for where a peace declaration could go, and unless we get something speci…
RT @JudyWoodruff: "all of this just points me to the fact they are not prepared to have this hearing" if they don't understand difference b…
RT @JudyWoodruff: Anita Hill on allegations by Dr. Christine Blasey Ford: "I won't accept that there is no evidence.. so often we fall into…
RT @NewsHour: There are new signs today of a potential path to peace on the Korean Peninsula. The leaders of both North and South Korea agr…
RT @gelles: The FBI did investigate Anita Hill's accusation, and it took 3 days @CNN https://t.co/WZ97m6ylCp
RT @BrettKelman: Trump’s storm “briefing” in N.C. was surreal. First, nobody briefed him; politicians mostly just thanked him. Second, he p…
RT @ddale8: Here's a transcript of Trump's opening remarks this morning at his North Carolina briefing on hurricane recovery. https://t.co/…
RT @IAmDanCooney: Good stuff from @Yamiche. https://t.co/yjbAst3SbF
RT @NewsHour: Misael Ponce Herrera, a deported father, agonizes over getting his 6-year-old daughter back.		He's one of more than 400 paren…
We will keep following their story. Here’s my reporting from last night’s @NewsHour: https://t.co/W2ebCki0gB
Marianita’s parents say they have provided the U.S. with mountains of documents to have their daughter sent back to Honduras and reunited with her family, including her 3-year-old brother, Jadiel (pictured here). Still, it’s not clear when they will all be together again. https://t.co/buTKLq8Ljd
When Marianita’s mom, Ana, in Honduras talks to her daughter, the little girl cries and asks to be taken away from the NY immigration shelter where she is being held. “She always tells me she doesn't want to be there anymore," Ana said. "I tell her to wait and wait." https://t.co/gsR6aJUqkb
Back in Honduras, Marianita’s family is desperate for answers. In the 6-year-old’s room, reminders of the absent little girl are everywhere. “It's something tough, for her to be so far from me and without us,” Misael said. https://t.co/P96lAAFesz
In Misael’s case, @TXCivilRights is providing his family legal help to try to get Marianita back to Honduras. Efren Olivares, the group’s racial and economic justice director, called family separations a "cruel and misguided policy."
Shortly after they were separated, immigration officials informed Marianita’s aunt in Ohio that they had the little girl. But it was weeks before a social worker contacted Ana, Marianita’s mother in Honduras, and told her that her daughter was in a shelter. https://t.co/U0Ev75zBCS
Misael has tried to come to the U.S. three times to escape poverty and violence. Violence in Honduras “ is tough,” he said. “In a month, there were 5 deaths around here. Children see that, they hear about these things. All these things make us leave in search for new horizons.”
The number of reunions abroad is small because the Trump administration has done little to help deported parents, according to some immigration advocates. Many parents were flown back to capital cities and then returned to rural villages, where they are often hard to reach.
Misael is one of 414 parents that the Trump administration deported without their children under the president’s zero-tolerance policy. So far, 21 children have been reunited with their parents in their home countries. These may be the toughest families to reunite. https://t.co/CumibSy5f7
Between April and June, more than 2,500 immigrant children were forcibly separated from adults w/ them as they tried to enter the U.S. More than 1,900 children have been reunited w/ their parents and about 200 have been sent to sponsors such as family members living in the U.S.
They have not seen each other since Misael left for that court appearance in June. Days later, Misael says he was pressured into signing a deportation order. He was deported soon after without his daughter. Marianita remains in an immigration shelter in NY.
Misael &amp; Marinita were held at an immigration detention center near McAllen, Texas, for about a week. Misael says, one morning, immigration officials came to take Misael to court &amp; said, “When you get back you'll see your daughter." So Marianita hugged &amp; kissed him goodbye. https://t.co/SW20J29yzD
Misael Ponce Herrera and his 6-year-old daughter, Marianita, left their home in Honduras to try to immigrate to the U.S. Misael says they were fleeing violence and poverty. But after illegally crossing into Texas in June, the two were taken into custody by US officials. https://t.co/xbzl1Orzbf
For months, I have been reporting on separated immigrant families and looking into kids who remain separated. Last month, I learned about a father who was separated from his 6-year-old daughter and then deported back to Honduras without her. They remain separated to this day.
RT @NewsHour: Each year for the past decade, roughly 20,000 students have left the school system. Hurricane Maria doubled that. https://t.c…
“I’m so sad over Jeff Sessions because he came to me. He was the first Senator that endorsed me. And he wanted to be Attorney General, and I didn’t see it,” President Trump said. https://t.co/DCtRDsoDUm
RT @seungminkim: Just in — @ChuckGrassley response to Ford lawyer’s letter https://t.co/IOT56cAe8U
RT @kasie: Dr. Ford had upper hand with nominee under seige: Rs under pressure to show they were letting her be heard, WH on the fence abou…
RT @JudyWoodruff: .@HillaryClinton to Rachel Maddow just now: “Pres Trump is playing checkers.  Pres Putin is playing 3-dimensional chess”…
RT @NewsHour: Here's how to help those affected by Hurricane Florence (via @harry_zahn) https://t.co/9EGYemWNhI
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: The story of a family separated: A father is deported without his young daughter after entering the U.S.…
Here’s the full story of a dad deported back to Honduras without his six year old daughter. Marianita, who is at an immigration shelter in NY, often cries and asks her parents to come get her. https://t.co/LHjcM4PP17
RT @NewsHour: Parents who were deported without their children may not see each other for "months, even years," according to advocates, @Ya…
RT @jdawsey1: But also says he does not plan to take questions or talk publicly. https://t.co/4lGHibt5Ez
A senior WH official tells me Judge Kavanaugh is happy to testify publicly or privately and that the senate judiciary committee can make the final decision.
This is coming up next! Tune in! https://t.co/d736FMqKXF
Tonight exclusively on PBS @NewsHour: I report on a dad deported back to Honduras by the Trump administration without his 6 y/o daughter. Marianita remains at an immigration shelter in NY while Misael Ponce Herrera, her dad, desperately waits to see her again. #FamilySeparation https://t.co/KUV4dcnzwj
RT @LEBassett: Scoop from @aterkel: GOP senators are worried about the optics of an all-male judiciary committee questioning Dr. Ford, so t…
RT @nytimesworld: Jonathan Kaiman, a former Beijing bureau chief for The Los Angeles Times, was suspended after facing sexual misconduct al…
This story is devastating. https://t.co/HZdQF8jXNs
RT @Deggans: Wow. Regina King wins best actress in limited series at #emmys for Netflix's under estimated Seven Seconds. She's the first no…
RT @NewsHour: Is the White House prepared to accept the testimony of Brett Kavanaugh’s accuser if it comes across as truthful and credible?…
Outside the White House right now. https://t.co/rd7nxWI5HQ
I’ll be on @MSNBC talking on @hardball about the latest developments surrounding Judge Kavanaugh and Professor Ford.
RT @sarajust: We will be watching from the White House and the President will standby to "act accordingly" says @KellyannePolls @NewsHour
RT @NewsHour: "The Senate Judiciary Committee will hold a public hearing" on the allegations against Brett Kavanaugh "next week," @LisaDNew…
RT @NewsHour: "The president is really trying to be reserved, but is also deeply frustrated at the fact that this nomination is now being h…
Kellyanne Conway tells @NewsHour: “The accuser has come out late in the game.”
Kellyanne Conway tells @NewsHour: “They will both be under oath and that’s important...We are yet to hear from the accuser under oath...The president will stand ready to act accordingly.”
Kellyanne Conway tells @NewsHour: “The WH is watching the process play out..We believe they can both be heard without derailing the important process that’s infront of us...I can’t prejudge a testimony that I haven’t heard.”
.@KellyannePolls is now joining the @NewsHour live in a few minutes for the latest from The WH.
Statement from White House spokesman Raj Shah on Judge Brett Kavanaugh:		“Judge Kavanaugh looks forward to a hearing where he can clear his name of this false allegation. He stands ready to testify tomorrow if the Senate is ready to hear him.”
President Trump's full quotes defending Brett Kavanaugh, per pool. "I think he’s very much on track. If they delay a little bit just to make sure everybody’s happy – they want to be happy." https://t.co/nPVWt6gwlq
President Trump, per pool, says he has not spoken to Brett Kavanaugh but Kavanaugh has been at the White House for hours and likely remains there now. 		President Trump, when asked is Kavanaugh has offered to withdraw, said "What a ridiculous question."
President Trump on Brett Kavanaugh per pool: "He is one of the great intellects and one of the finest people....I'd like everybody to be very happy."		Trump adds that the nomination shouldn't be delayed too much. "I'm sure it will work out very well," he said.
President Trump on Brett Kavanaugh per pool: "Never even had a little blemish on his record...He is somebody very special...I wish the Democrats could have done this a lot sooner... But with all of that being said...We want to go through a full process...and hear everybody out."
This is the Trump effect. Chris Collins wants a fight after watching Trump survive scandal after scandal. https://t.co/vGmTIK0pHQ
NEW: A WH source is confirming that Brett Kavanaugh is denying being at the party and can't recall being at any party like the one described by Professor Ford. That source also said Kavanaugh is "ready to fight" and that he is "resolute" in his denials. https://t.co/hzsC16wvir
RT @LisaDNews: HEAR FULL AUDIO of Hatch w/ a few of us reporters in last few minutes.		Includes Kavanaugh insisting he wasn't at the party,…
This list could get longer. There’s an online form where people can add names. https://t.co/ztsVmRLnuy https://t.co/l0spzJAD2Z
RT @maggieNYT: The White House sees no good options on the table, per multiple people close to the process. They recognize a hearing is per…
RT @dlippman: .@AndrewRestuccia and I called many of Kavanaugh's 65 female HS acquittances who signed a letter supporting him. After his ac…
WH messaging this morning. Kellyanne Conway tells Fox News, "This woman should not be insulted and she should not be ignored” &amp; Kavanaugh should be heard. Meanwhile,  WH Spox Kerri Kupec emails, “Judge Kavanaugh and the White House both stand by” judge’s denial.
RT @samstein: First: These are vague allegations. No reason to believe them 		Then: ok they’re not vague but they’re anonymous. No reason t…
RT @NewsHour: In an interview with @washingtonpost, Ford says that in the early 1980s, during a gathering of teenagers at a house in Montgo…
RT @kylegriffin1: Three people close to the White House said they expect Trump to go after Kavanaugh's accuser rather than to turn on the j…
RT @JudyWoodruff: Kavanaugh nomination to Supreme Court hits new roadblock: AZ Sen @JeffFlake says he wants more information on 1980's alle…
RT @WaPoSean: NEWS: Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) tells me in an intv he that doesn’t think the Judiciary Cmte should move ahead with its Thurs…
I asked a White House source today about Brett Kavanaugh and that person pointed me back to Kavanuagh’s statement on Friday which said, “I categorically and unequivocally deny this allegation. I did not do this back in high school or at any time.”
@pambmoon @MeetThePress @nathanielcline Thanks so much for the tweet. I’m happy I’m married to Nate too! 😊
RT @WRALLena: JUST IN: @WRAL is the only local news station to fly with the @NCNationalGuard as they survey #Florence damage from above. Th…
RT @chucktodd: Thanks to a great panel for joining me this morning on @MeetThePress: WSJ columnist @Peggynoonannyc, PBS Newshour WH corresp…
Excited this morning to be part of the @MeetThePress roundtable talking with @chucktodd, @DorisKGoodwin, @RichLowry and @Peggynoonannyc. Tune in!
RT @samstein: First Senate Dem to call for a delay in the Kavanaugh proceedings while invoking the allegations of sexual assault that just…
RT @brianstelter: What's his source, @PressSec? CNN, Fox, AP are all reporting 11 dead. https://t.co/EylvrItbAl
RT @nytimes: The parents of a 2-year-old boy were told he had 2 months to live. So they decided to celebrate Christmas early, and their Ohi…
RT @nhannahjones: What often gets lost is that just a few days before this, a Birmingham school had finally, a decade after Brown, been ord…
RT @NewsHour: "There is a letter that was received by Sen. Feinstein and at least one other member of Congress from a woman, who's remainin…
RT @NewsHour: Sixty-five women who knew Brett Kavanaugh in high school signed on to a letter defending his character. How did the letter ha…
The Kavanaugh classmate quoted in the New Yorker is Mark Judge, a writer in D.C. Judge spoke to THE WEEKLY STANDARD Friday afternoon, strongly denying that any such incident ever occurred. "It's just absolutely nuts. I never saw Brett act that way." https://t.co/LheuvMaM67
NEW: Anita Hill statement on sexual allegations against Brett Kavanaugh,"Given the seriousness of these allegations, the government needs to find a fair and neutral way for complaints to be investigated...I have seen firsthand what happens when such a process is weaponized..." https://t.co/7poVRPtWFb
PAUSE. This is a real tweet that has angered so many. https://t.co/1yd66JyOPy
U.S. Has Highest Share of Foreign-Born Since 1910, With More Coming From Asia   via @NYTimes https://t.co/53Yq5KgVXP
RT @patrickhealynyt: Voters often ask female candidates, “Who’s going to take care of the kids?” This year candidates are pushing back on t…
The president, who has embraced conspiracy theories, now is claiming people who died in Hurricane Maria didn’t actually die and that Dems made it all up. https://t.co/i3DQstMCvY
RT @ddale8: WaPo: The Democrats have nominated 182 women for House seats, shattering their previous record of 120: https://t.co/93Ml1TYeka…
The president is now questioning the number of deaths in Hurricane Maria as Hurricane Florence threatens more lives. https://t.co/gD1lLPwDY4
RT @Billbrowder: BREAKING: Pyotr Verzilov, Russian dissident and husband of Pussy Riot leader Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, has been hospitalized…
A must read by my friend: https://t.co/h3GBZywnIn
RT @hardball: The National Weather Service is calling Hurricane Florence the "storm of a lifetime" for portions of the Carolina coast. Is t…
President Trump on Hurricane Florence: “FEMA has already placed emergency equip in the field. They're all ready and we're getting tremendous accolades from members of congress and others.”  My Q: Accolades?
RT @NewsHour: #SchoolPictureDay at @PBS @NewsHour with @JudyWoodruff, @sarajust, @LisaDNews, @Yamiche, @WmBrangham, @johnyangtv, @IAmAmnaNa…
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said during conference call that the US has seen signs of meddling not just from Russia but from China, Iran and North Korea.
John Bolton on Trump's executive order targeting election security: “This is intended to be a very broad effort to prevent foreign manipulation of the political process."
RT @nytpolitics: “He’s got a dogfight on his hands. I can tell you there’s Beto signs all over my district and there are Beto signs all ove…
RT @kaitlancollins: Median household income rose to $61,400 in 2017, up 1.8 percent from the year before, according to data released by the…
Mayor of San Juan talking to @HallieJackson about this tweet says, “The president is all about political posturing. It’s all about how good he’s going to look. “ https://t.co/FQ557zH5rD
RT @kylegriffin1: Docs reviewed by BuzzFeed reveal a previously undisclosed aspect of the Trump Tower meeting: a complex web of financial t…
RT @HallieJackson: Coming up on the show next: @BillKarins @KerryNBC @gabegutierrez @BethuneForMB @clydecain @kwelkernbc @Yamiche @alexi @R…
RT @dmartosko: NEW: Two West Wing insiders and a longtime Trump confidant all say the president is convinced Rob Porter sold him out to Bob…
RT @MSNBC: BREAKING: President Trump says federal gov’t is "ready" for Hurricane Florence, and reflects on what he describes as "incredibly…
RT @maggieNYT: The current death toll for Puerto Rico - revised upward from 64 initially - is now estimated at roughly the same as those on…
RT @AsteadWesley: House Democrat helping raise money for a vulnerable House Republican because "friendship is more powerful than partisansh…
RT @PeterAlexander: JUST IN: Trump warns those in path of Hurricane Florence “everybody should get out” &amp; days after estimated death toll f…
RT @PJTobia: Just touched down in #Wilmington NC, for storm coverage w @lanesam. Send all tips and contacts this-a-way. @NewsHour
RT @JonLemire: Trump, in Oval Office, says government is “ready” for Hurricane Florence, will “spare no expense” in managing massive storm…
And this 👇🏾 https://t.co/9M39z61UbA
This 👇🏾 https://t.co/zSS124NPzo
Sarah Sanders on NYT op-ed search: "No lie detectors are being used or talked about as a possibility."
Sarah Sanders on Trump saying prosecutions of Republicans could hurt the party: "The president thinks no one is above the law. What he'd like to see if a fair playing field."
Sarah Sanders on NY Times op-ed: "It's sad and pathetic that a gutless anonymous source could receive so much attention from the media."
Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, answering my question just now, says that he expects to see a decline in income inequality across the United States and to have numbers that show poor people are being positively impacted by the economy growth.
Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers: The economy is strong and it is not just a sugar high.
Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, just said this tweet is wrong. The correct number is 10 years not 100 years. https://t.co/iP2rBRXV3u
Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers: We were prepared to do this briefing a few weeks ago and the timing is not connected to President Obama's speeches.
Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers: When I look at President Obama's administration, I see policies that hurt growth.
Kevin Hassett handed out lots of charts like these to say that President Trump’s administration is improving the economy and that a lot has improved since Trump took office. https://t.co/o5qniTCoMY
After 19 days without a press briefing, WH has brought out Kevin Hassett, chairman of Council of Economic Advisers, to push back on Pre Obama's comments that Trump inherited an economy recovery Obama started. 		Hassett: "Factually incorrect" to say good economy is a continuation
I ugly cried during Serena &amp; Naomi’s match and took a day to process. Serena was every woman I know standing up for themselves, having to point out misogyny, having to get the job done, and then making sure the woman coming behind you is supported despite the discrimination faced
RT @PoliticsNation: Don't forget to tune into #PoliticsNation tomorrow! We have @hughhewitt @MarioVanPeebles @ElenaBergeron @JenKernsUSA @Y…
Congrats to my fellow Haitian lady Naomi Osaka! That said, I’m still team Serena and those calls looked insane.
There’s so much in President Trump’s latest gaggle with reporters including that he refers to the 2016 election as Hillary Clinton’s funeral. “I call it Hillary Clinton’s funeral. That was the night she lost the election. It was a funeral, it was a wake.”
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: #periscope: White House official @mercedesschlapp and former White House Chief of Staff Leon Panetta analyze fallout f…
RT @NewsHour: The hunt is on in a whodunit at the White House. A slew of top-ranking Trump administration officials, including the vice pre…
RT @JuliaEAinsley: Big news that might go unnoticed today. Trump admin is defying 1997 court agreement and plans to hold children in ICE de…
RT @PeterAlexander: BREAKING: First Lady Melania Trump on anonymous NYT op-ed: https://t.co/rNt5ADc3HS
RT @GlennKesslerWP: Trump inauguration crowd photos were edited after he intervened https://t.co/mYXIXvODV1
Fireworks this morning. https://t.co/MvrcyGpKpH
RT @NBCInvestigates: From @JuliaEAinsley Since 1997, authorities have been barred from holding migrant kids more than 20 days, but a new ru…
Another denial by a high ranking Trump administration. https://t.co/byARLlkeDT
Mike Pence’s office denying that he wrote it. Amazing that they have to take this step. https://t.co/nAywWzAZm7
RT @HallieJackson: NEW / Sec. Pompeo answers Qs re: op-ed: “it shouldn’t surprise anyone that the New York Times... chose to print such a p…
RT @nhannahjones: I keep thinking about this child. When I was little, I occasionally stuffed candy or other small things in my pocket when…
RT @NewsHour: "Can you think of any laws that give the government the power to make decisions about the male body?" asks @SenKamalaHarris.…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: Booker says effort to question Kavanaugh on race hampered by GOP https://t.co/Hb2YeQpSju
RT @NewsHour: The White House is basically saying that whoever wrote the op-ed, "they need to go" and this was a "betrayal," @Yamiche tells…
RT @NewsHour: Last month, @OMAROSA told @JudyWoodruff people are working "behind the scenes to make sure Donald Trump is not allowed to con…
Sarah Sanders statement on NY Times op-ed: "This is a new low for the so-called 'paper of record,' and it should issue an apology...This is just another example of the liberal media’s concerted effort to discredit the President." https://t.co/l9U9hKco3J
President Trump says the NY Times op-ed is "gutless" but doesn't respond to the specific allegations that people working for him are trying to insulate the country from his behavior.
Omarosa told me she put this in her book as a "wink" to the people still inside the White House who were fighting to protect the country from Trump's behavior. “It was a wink at people who were brave enough to stay and fight on the front lines," she said. https://t.co/b2xJ5KI0T3
It's been an hour since this tweet and there has still been no comment from the WH.... https://t.co/F9ZWkqSzN9
A former Trump administration official tells me that during budget negotiations with Congress, WH officials would tell lawmakers BEFORE they met w/ Trump that no matter what Trump said, the WH would NOT commit to the deals Trump made. It was to thwart Trump's in the room deals.
Omarosa tells me: “This op-ed is important bc there is a group of ppl who have been working from the beginning to make sure that the Trump train does not jump the track. They have been working as guardrails and sometimes getting banged up to ensure that the country doesn’t fail.”
Omarosa told @JudyWoodruff that there were people working silently and tirelessly to make sure he does not cause harm to the republic. She wouldn't identify them though. Here's the exchange. https://t.co/iRZA4uFp0W
Pres Trump will now likely launch a search for who wrote this NY Times op-ed piece while also trying to figure out who spoke to Bob Woodward while also trying to decide if he wants to talk to Robert Mueller while also trying to help Repubs win elections while running the country.
Wow. This is a big deal. 		"There is a quiet resistance within the administration of people choosing to put country first."		The NY Times today is  out with a  rare an anonymous Op-Ed essay written by a a senior official in the Trump administration. 		https://t.co/lqtCod1pFu
RT @HallieJackson: Also ran into John Kelly on the way out. Said he was "happy as a clam," with a smile. 		"Did you read the book?" 	Kelly:…
President Trump on Bob Woodward's book: "The book means nothing, it's a work of fiction...It was put out to interfere in my opinion with the Kavanaugh hearings."
RT @kaitlancollins: President Trump has ordered a real witch hunt in the West Wing to find out who cooperated with Bob Woodward's book, @je…
RT @kaitlancollins: Wow. Asked if he has confidence in Jeff Sessions, Vice President Mike Pence says, “I hold Jeff Sessions in the highest…
“He kept yelling, ‘High treason!’” Brandon Todd, a reporter at the station, said on air. “He believed he had been clearly wronged and was trying to get some attention.” https://t.co/gU9ttgOFRW
RT @LisaDNews: NOW: Police and staff are keeping all seats for the public empty.  No more public inside. There is a line outside, unclear i…
RT @AsteadWesley: What an image in our story: Here's Ayanna Pressley's stepdaughter watching her mother claim victory and become the first…
RT @Slate: Law &amp; Order: Hate Crimes is a thing that is happening: https://t.co/nE61zrKf77 https://t.co/lo0Q05IZkO
Ayanna Pressley upended the historically white, male political establishment of Boston on Tuesday, scoring a stunning upset of 10-term Rep Michael Capuano and positioning herself to become the first black woman to represent Massachusetts in Congress. https://t.co/a1EubRAQW8
RT @NewsHour: TONIGHT: "I wish more athletes would speak out," tennis great @BillieJeanKing said about athlete activism. She spoke with @Je…
Welp. https://t.co/L4IV8EiExI
WH response to Bob Woodward's book is so long but does not include a statement from Jim Mattis. Note: Woodward recounts, “Mattis was particularly exasperated and alarmed, telling close associates that the president acted like — and had the understanding of a 5th or 6th grader.’ ” https://t.co/vppT5Fzocu
Another fascinating detail: Reince Priebus dubbed the presidential bedroom, where Trump obsessively watched cable news and tweeted, “the devil’s workshop,” and said early mornings and Sunday evenings, when the president often set off tweetstorms, were “the witching hour.”
WH Chief of Staff John Kelly reportedly said of Trump: “He’s an idiot. It’s pointless to try to convince him of anything. He’s gone off the rails. We’re in Crazytown. I don’t even know why any of us are here. This is the worst job I’ve ever had.”   https://t.co/RQAx9H8mYW
RT @PhilipRucker: BREAKING —&gt; Bob Woodward’s new book reveals a ‘nervous breakdown’ of Trump’s presidency. WaPo has all the details here. M…
RT @seungminkim: The White House is tallying interruptions during Kavanaugh’s hearing https://t.co/ppiu0x5yyR
Raj Shah also said Congress requested nonprivileged documents and that the DOJ and WH provided those and would have reconsidered other docs if a formal request to do so was made. "It's standard process that Chairman Grassley has followed. .... There is nothing new here."
Raj Shah, deputy WH press secretary, just told me this of Dems actions in Kavanaugh hearing: "It's a political ploy. It's not actually relevant to his record...(Senators) Booker, Harris, and Blumental are all competing for who is going to be featured on nightly news tonight."
RT @kasie: Democrats plotted coordinated protest strategy over the holiday weekend and all agreed to disrupt and protest the hearing, sourc…
RT @NewsHour: Eliminating a potential pay hike for federal workers "isn't something the president can do unilaterally," @jamieson tells @Ya…
What Abby said. https://t.co/hs96zahLfX
Seriously, everyone was there but President Trump. 👇🏾 https://t.co/UbIxa8W0Mq
I’ve had the pleasure and honor of being part of @MSNBC’s special live coverage of Sen John McCain’s funeral which began at 8:30 a.m. Tune in now as I speak with @JoyAnnReid about Sen McCain and the people who eulogized him today.
RT @kylegriffin1: George W. Bush: "Above all, John detested the abuse of power. He could not abide bigots and swaggering despots." (via ABC…
RT @NewsHour: "So much of our politics, our public life, our public discourse can seem small and mean and petty,” said former President Bar…
Yes, folks. And golfing. https://t.co/lLj17jD4TG
RT @NewsHour: John McCain understood "that part of what makes our country great is that our membership is based not on our bloodline ... bu…
Sen John McCain’s funeral is as much about him as it is about the values of America. He designed this all. Each speaker has talked about holding onto decency and duty despite political differences and competing political parties.  Meanwhile, Pres Trump is tweeting about NAFTA.
RT @PhilipRucker: Obama, in McCain eulogy, condemns today's politics that are "mean" and "petty," and based on "bombast, insult, phony cont…
RT @rolandscahill: George W. Bush sneaking a piece of candy to Michelle Obama is warming my heart . https://t.co/pAtDdIcSeB
President Obama on Senator John McCain: “Follow his example...Get in the arena and fight for this country..That’s perhaps how we honor him best.”
RT @HallieJackson: As the sound of the choir fills Washington National Cathedral. President Trump arrives at his golf club in Virginia.		He…
Meghan McCain: “The America of John McCain has no need to be made great again because America was always great.”
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Barack Obama, George W. Bush and John McCain's family and friends speak at his memorial at the National Cathedral…
Political power players from both sides of the aisle including three past president are gathered for Senator John McCain’s funeral and just miles away President Trump is tweeting from the WH about the Russian investigation.
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Sen. John McCain is laid to rest today at Washington National Cathedral, where former Presidents Barack Obama and…
RT @mattfleg: Cruz had asked for a Trump rally, in a signal of his genuine concern about this race. He's getting one. https://t.co/VhIJfl7v…
RT @LEBassett: A source close to Susan Collins' office tells me she pre-approved Kavanaugh before Trump ever nominated him. Don't count on…
RT @costareports: Our reporters this Friday:	@juliehdavis 	@Yamiche 	@ericawerner 	@MarkLandler 	8 p.m. Eastern, live on @PBS @WashingtonWe…
RT @NewsHour: In Texas this week, a rare guilty verdict, followed by an even rarer sentence in a police shooting case. @Yamiche reports on…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: @Yamiche Alcindor talks to @MsPackyetti and @philstinson about the death of Jordan Edwards, the convicti…
TONIGHT on PBS @NewsHour: I talk w/ @MsPackyetti &amp; @philstinson about the death of #JordanEdwards &amp; what it means for the Black Lives Matter movement &amp; our country that officer Roy Oliver was convicted of murder and sentenced to 15 years for shooting a 15 year old. Tune in at 6!
RT @mattdpearce: Wake up. https://t.co/5fWyyUhCTk
Asian-American Students Suing Harvard Over Admissions Win Justice Dept. Support https://t.co/f04heLpJaC
The president seemingly saying he fired McGahn now.... https://t.co/RuoeHSMTyN
I’ll be on @Morning_Joe from 6 to 9 am this morning. Tune in!
Ex-officer gets 15 years in teen's shooting death	https://t.co/DfpfCf52Op
RT @maggieNYT: Last year, Trump tried to offer the counsel’s job to Rob Porter, with encouragement from Ivanka Trump and Kushner and others…
President Trump, when asked about Ron DeSantis’ “monkey” remarks today,  said he “didn’t hear” DeSantis’ remarks, but continued to praise him, calling him “extraordinary.”	“He’s an extreme talent,” Trump said.
RT @jeffmason1: .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ says federal government did a fantastic job with Puerto Rico, people there appreciate it https://t.co/U…
A great story by @WaPoVanessa about Andrew Gillum. https://t.co/Ocrxtuxa0R
RT @kylegriffin1: Obama reportedly received an unexpected phone call in April from McCain asking him to deliver one of the eulogies at his…
In Florida this November, you’ll have a candidate backed by Bernie Sanders facing a candidate backed by President Trump. A proxy war in a battle ground state. https://t.co/8nWykjyU1n
RT @mitchellreports: Right - I'm glad it's been so easy for women to get to the Senate - and into other professions i can think of :) https…
A huge deal. Andrew Gillum and Ron DeSantis Win Florida Governor Primaries https://t.co/1EALAC9PWX
Orrin Hatch essentially saying women might have it easier than men. https://t.co/OvRECZoWt3
A huge change. https://t.co/nPGcYLWNmC
RT @WashNews: BREAKING: Roy Oliver, the former police officer accused of killing unarmed, 15 year old Jordan Edwards as he sat in a car lea…
RT @kasie: Mitch McConnell has long prided himself on being a civil rights advocate from a place and time when that took courage. 		I’m a l…
RT @LisaDNews: NEW. Sen @LindseyGrahamSC on what MCCain advised him about @realDonaldTrump: "Help him where you can, but don't get sucked i…
RT @KateBennett_DC: I might add, Stormy Daniels is wearing a (likely customized) gown from @zac_posen in the @voguemagazine story. Posen is…
RT @AshleyRParker: On the President Non Grata: “We’ve kind of elected this apex predator, and you don’t sit T-Rex down at the dinner table.…
RT @NewsHour: Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s support for surveilling Americans raises concern. https://t.co/etKbeGGutW
RT @Hadas_Gold: Breaking: Google statement in response to Trump tweet https://t.co/QqMuxQ7gkj
I asked Sarah Sanders these questions about the decision to lower, raise, and then lower again the flag at the WH in honor of Senator McCain today. She tells me, “The President made the decision and the statement speaks for itself. There is nothing else to add at this time.” https://t.co/tQz1iIuvcJ
RT @ryanjreilly: A must-read on the impact of the Justice Department’s retreat from police reform: https://t.co/7xOpKoHdtE
This.... https://t.co/YK3Jj7ykDO
President Trump ordering flags flown at half-staff at the WH, all military posts and naval stations, and on all naval vessels of the federal government in the District of Columbia and throughout the United States for Sen McCain. https://t.co/HpqSZLOOzf
The big questions as the nation prepares for Sen McCain's funeral:	Why didn't the WH flag stay at half staff today if this WH statement was planned?	Why didn't this Trump statement come out two days ago?	What led to this statement coming out now?
President Trump releases stated on Senator John McCain: "Despite our differences on policy and politics, I respect Sen John McCain’s service to our country and, in his honor, have signed a proclamation to fly the flag of the US at half-staff until the day of his interment." https://t.co/wXtWISC4Yu
RT @jaketapper: The farewell statement from Senator McCain https://t.co/424hvBWLFw
RT @jeffzeleny: NEW: An extraordinary letter from the national commander of the American Legion, urging @realDonaldTrump to issue an offici…
RT @AP: BREAKING: US judge blocks Trump administration from allowing Texas company to post online plans for printing untraceable 3D guns gu…
NAFTA is still the rare bipartisan issue that both some Democrats and Pres Trump agree on. 		I remember in 2016, when Bernie Sanders would criticize NAFTA, people in many midwest cities would deeply understand what he was talking about.
Some history on NAFTA:		This past January, a large group of Republican senators including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell urged President Trump in a letter not to withdraw NAFTA.		More Republicans than Democrats voted for NAFTA when it was passed.
Jared Kushner just said this on a call with reporters about the trade agreement between Mexico and the US: "This was a deal that was done in almost record time."		Note: The deal is not done. Canada has yet to agree to it and Congress has not voted to pass it.
On a press call with reporters just now, senior WH officials said that the trade agreement with Mexico is not meant to pressure Canada and that Canada is aware of the issues Mexico and the US have been discussing.
Per pool: Pres Trump said he would be terminating NAFTA.  POTUS also said Canada could be added to current deal or entered into new deal. He also threatened to issue car tariffs against Canada and said that one way or another there would be a deal with Canada.
President Trump refusing to answer questions about John McCain https://t.co/GHDl0Tt6eQ
Pres Trump is doing some rebranding today.		Trump called the new trade agreement with Mexico "The United States México trade agreement" and said he wanted to get rid of the name NAFTA because it had bad connotations.  		Note: Trump said "We’ll see if Canada can be part of deal."
RT @NewsHour: ‘I won’t say a word about it’: Pope Francis doesn’t address claims that he knew of allegations against ex-archbishop. https:/…
RT @JuliaEAinsley: EXCLUSIVE w/ ⁦@dandeluce⁩ : Trump admin is creating obstacles to block refugees, ex-officials say https://t.co/AqAkUULaNX
I’ll be on @Morning_Joe from 7 to 8 am. Tune in!
RT @helenecooper: In 1913, the white South African government stripped black people of the right to own land outside a few plots set aside…
RT @juliehdavis: Anti-Defamation League issues statement calling Trump’s tweet about the killing of white South African farmers “extremely…
RT @HallieJackson: @Yamiche on reaction from President Trump supporters: I was in West Virginia and people simply did not care. One person…
RT @nielslesniewski: Here we go ...		McConnell: "The Senate will continue to work right through August until every single one of them is co…
RT @HallieJackson: Coming up on the show next: @HansNichols @KenDilanianNBC @sethwaxman @apalmerdc @Yamiche @Glenn_Ivey @KellyO @MichaelRCa…
RT @markberman: A young woman is dead and this is how a former Speaker of the House reacted: Emailing a reporter about her and saying this…
It still surprises me sometimes that Hillary Clinton is this evergreen and effective permanent villain for republicans. A woman in West Virginia wore a Hillary Clinton sucks button to the Trump and Clinton lost almost two years ago. https://t.co/IvZfFdydaf
RT @WmBrangham: Manafort juror (and Trump supporter) says 1 holdout prevented guilty verdict on all 18 counts.  “I really wanted [Manafort]…
President Trump’s defense is now to say the criminal justice system and courts know less about crimes than he does. Trump insists Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to crimes that don’t exist. Now think about Rudy Giuliani saying “Truth isn’t truth.”
RT @LisaDNews: TRUMP FOX INTVW summary:	- I was not in charge of the campaign	- Cohen was a nice guy	- He pleaded guilty to things that wer…
RT @colvinj: Trump to Fox: "It's called flipping and it almost ought to be illegal ... they go from 10 years to they're a national hero. Th…
Incredibly, on Fox and Friends just now, one of the hosts said “What Michael Cohen did was not a crime.”
RT @juliehdavis: Ainsley Earhardt, who said last night on Hannity that Trump had told her in their interview that he was considering pardon…
Identity politics? Some right-wing groups have been pushing false narrative that there have been numerous seizures of white-owned farms and killings of white farmers. Research by one group found that the number of killings of farmers was at a 20-year low. https://t.co/JQA1JUS3pb
Paris also “pretended to unzip his pants in her presence, tried to get her to sit on his lap, and made masturbatory gestures,” according to a university report obtained by The Washington Post.
A must read: Paris Dennard admitted to touching a woman’s “neck with his tongue.” He also came up behind that woman and whispered in her ear that he wanted to ‘f---’ her.” https://t.co/1Pyx8kFJqu
RT @NewsHour: The fallout from the guilty plea and conviction of two men close to President Trump escalated today, raising the question of…
Listen. This is why I love the AP. Never "pled." https://t.co/dgXkZFMkh7
RT @WRALLena: Mollie Tibbetts’ accused killer is in Iowa legally, his lawyer says, calling Trump 'sad and sorry' for weighing in https://t.…
RT @jwpetersNYT: Just talked one of Trump's earliest supporters &amp; true believers - very rattled - who's been talking to big GOP donors. The…
RT @Fahrenthold: CONFIRMED this good AP scoop. The investigators here are from NY state's Dept. of Taxation and Finance. They're working w/…
In my inbox from Democratic National Committee: Raising The Stakes: Kavanaugh Believes Trump Is Above The Law. He Should Not Be Confirmed.		Note: Dem leadership is still caution about on talking about impeachment but they are embracing message of slowing down Kavanaugh nomination
I didn't get called on this WH briefing. My question: Can you guarantee the American people that President Trump has not committed any crimes for which he could be indicted? Either before the campaign, during the campaign, or after the campaign?
Sarah Sanders: "The idea of an impeachment is a sad attempt by the Democrats."
Sarah Sanders on what President Trump thinks about Michael Cohen pleading guilty to campaign finance violations: "I don't think the president is concerned at all."
Sarah Sanders said Democrats  demanding that Brett Kavanaugh nomination be delayed after yesterday’s guilty verdict and guilty pleas are carrying out "desperate" attempts to slow down the nomination.
Sarah Sanders: We have an incredible story to tell...That will push Republicans to win in the midterms.
The president did nothing wrong, Sarah Sanders said. "He did nothing wrong. There are no charges against him."
My latest after talking to Lanny Davis, Michael Cohen's lawyer, for about 20 minutes today: 		Michael Cohen has evidence Trump committed a crime, lawyer says 		https://t.co/eaPZ17KOtF
RT @KellyO: .@vp declined to answer when asked for reaction to the events involving Manafort and Cohen while he is in Texas today.
A non Trump story worth reading today: A security guard who patrols a neighborhood with a gun asked a black bartender to make a ‘Trayvon Martini’ which he described as watermelon juice &amp; one shot of vodka “because it only takes one shot to put him down.” https://t.co/WyqsQMBaXK
Add this to ongoing attempted hacks and phishing attempts ahead of the 2018 midterms... https://t.co/tmnasTs0s8
RT @srl: Scoop: The majority black Georgia county that's proposing closing nearly all of its polling places can't produce a single document…
My Big Q: Why didn't plea agreement state that Cohen was cooperating?	Lanny Davis tells me: “I have a client telling me I am willing to tell the truth to anyone who asks me. So that is the functional equivalent of the word ‘cooperate.’ I don’t know why...they didn’t use the word”
Lanny Davis on the president's potential legal exposure: “The evidence shows that Trump directed and coordinated making Trump as much of a criminal as Michael admitted to being. It’s just that Mr. Trump won't testify under oath and admit the truth that he is just as much guilty."
Lanny Davis said Michael Cohen expects to go jail but he is not sure how long it might serve if he is jailed.
Lanny Davis, Michael Cohen lawyer, also said: “He (Michael Cohen) would not accept a pardon from Donald Trump...I believe that a pardon from Donald Trump would by definition be dirty.” Davis adds that Trump has been "reckless" by taking away security clearances.
Lanny Davis also said: "We have definitive evidence that Donald Trump committed a crime and a crime involving the corruption of American democracy ... He lied and he covered up and corrupted democracy. So as far I am concerned, that is an indictable offense.”
Just got off the phone with Lanny Davis, Michael Cohen's lawyer, who told me: “I have an impression that Mr. Cohen could address topics of interest to Mr. Mueller relating to whether Mr. Trump had advanced knowledge of the hacking of emails for political purposes."
RT @Morning_Joe: "Very clearly, there is no dispute that Donald Trump committed a crime." -- @LannyDavis https://t.co/wgC0BtVdjc
RT @washingtonpost: Cohen lawyer Lanny Davis suggests his client has knowledge implicating Trump in "criminal conspiracy" to hack Democrati…
President Trump, after Cohen and Manafort news, avoided those subjects entirely tonight in West Virginia but he did briefly call the Mueller investigation a witch hunt.
RT @rachelwellford: The rain in Charleston held out (for the most part), so @Yamiche and I were able to spend the day talking to Trump supp…
President Trump: “Everyone of us is sort of like a newspaper.”
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Trump has the unilateral and unambiguous authority to issue a pardon or commute the sentences of Paul Manafort or Mich…
More on Sean Bailey. He told me he would support the president if he did anything other than shoot someone. So that’s his limit on a day when many are wondering how Trump supporters are taking in today’s Cohen guilty plea and Manafort guilty verdict. https://t.co/UPjwy3nkv9
President Trump now referencing Russian “witch hunt” “Where is the collusion?,” he asked before quickly pivoting to ICE and borders.
Michael Cohen’s lawyer is tweeting. 👇🏾 https://t.co/0iBJ2S1gnm
President Trump, 30 mins into his rally in West Virginia, references the death of Mollie Tibbetts. So far, he’s not mentioned Cohen or Manafort.
Crowd in West Va. is chanting “lock her up” and “drain the swamp” after many told me their views of Trump didn’t change when they learned Trump’s personal lawyer pleaded guilty to campaign finance violations and his former campaign chairman was found guilty of federal crimes.
President Trump in West Va. says he’ll be on the road a bunch during the midterms: I’m going to be going out as many days as I can and as I am allowed to...We are going to be out a lot...And I’m coming back here before the election.
RT @jonathanweisman: It just keeps coming. Facebook identifies a new political influence campaign, this one with Russian and Iranian finger…
RT @timkmak: Wow. This is just an incredible allegation		Duncan Hunter wife told him to buy shorts at a golf pro shop "so they could falsel…
I’m kind of wondering if people will cheer lock her up at this rally ...
President Trump starts his rally in West Virginia talking about the economy going well and coal &amp; steel mills coming back. But, the real question is will he mention Manafort and Cohen infront of this cheering crowd? https://t.co/JwPgr5Oumv
This. On a day like today. 👇🏾 https://t.co/FtTPLqdC6o
RT @MLevineReports: In other huge news, Republican congressman Duncan Hunter and his wife have been indicted by DOJ for allegedly using $25…
RT @itscaitlinhd: A family separation policy that was minimized and denied has been my life this summer (and part of it for about a year.)…
Myra Thompson said it would be a problem if President Trump violated campaign finance laws. But for now, it’s “only” the people around Trump pleading guilty so she’s solidly backing the president. https://t.co/hCZa3Nlzh6
I just talked to a man, a Trump supporter, who said he doesn’t care if the president violated campaign finance laws. “It’s not a high crime,” he said. He explained that only if the president committed “treason” would there be a problem.
More from Cohen plea agreement: “As a result of the payments solicited and made by COHEN, neither Woman-1 nor Woman-2 spoke to the press prior to the election.”
From Cohen plea agreement: While Cohen ... did not have a formal title with the Trump campaign, he had a campaign email address and, at various times, advised the campaign, including on matters of interest to the press, and made TV appearances.
Full quotes from President Trump talking about Manafort as he arrived here in West Virginia, per pooler @seungminkim https://t.co/S7GvQdSl9b
RT @NewsHour: A guide to all of the charges against Manafort and Gates. https://t.co/Orfj7ukJCq
RT @costareports: NEWS: Trump adviser Larry Kudlow hosted publisher of white nationalists at his home https://t.co/zXGsYdNqs9
RT @ddale8: Trump speaking re Manafort: "It doesn't involve me, but it's a very sad thing that happened...nothing to do with Russian collus…
RT @ddale8: More from Trump on Manafort: "It was not the original mission, believe me...had nothing to do with Russian collusion. We contin…
RT @DavidWright_CNN: Trump upon landing in West Virginia: "This is a witch hunt and it's a disgrace"
RT @maggieNYT: Recall - Cohen submitted invoices for the Stormy repayment. Giuliani has said that Trump reimbursed for that payment. The in…
Sean Bailey said President Trump paid off women “like a boss.” He added that it takes a “real man” to pay off women he had affairs with in order to not embarrass his wife. Bailey is not bothered by Manafort guilty verdict or Cohen guilty plea. https://t.co/qHghMvDYRZ
Rudy Giuliani, usually very talkative, just told me “not yet” when I asked if he has comment on Michael Cohen pleasing guilty. Trying for Manafort comment too.
Ruth Preece is still mad at Democrats because Hillary Clinton said she would put coal miners out of work. Preece says Obama era EPA regulations cost people in West Va. their jobs and made many people get hooked on opioids. She’s also wearing a button that made me think of 2016. https://t.co/YCse6A5FgI
Denise Sammons voted for Pres Trump and says her family’s trucking business is doing better because he has rolled back EPA regulations. “Coal is life,” she told me. But, she’s not sure she would vote for Trump again bc she doesn’t like that how he talks or that he separated fams. https://t.co/6dyNQ7aim6
I’m hanging out in West Virginia today for President Trump’s rally in Charleston, West Va. People here are especially happy about the president’s roll back of EPA regulations. https://t.co/sIOdO0nrI3
Amazing! https://t.co/SjamER7vHY
I’m on @hardball right now. Tune in.
RT @NewsHour: In Nevada, a razor-thin Senate race has put immigration policy at the forefront of the election. 		@Yamiche has more on the r…
RT @NewsHour: For one immigrant woman in Nevada, President Trump's tone when speaking about immigrants and their countries isn't inappropri…
RT @juliepercha: Tonight on the @NewsHour: Welcome to Nevada, where a razor-thin Senate race could spell trouble for Republicans trying to…
Watch @NewsHour tonight. From Nevada:		Maria Caminero (left) supports Pres Trump, thinks immigrant fams should be separated &amp; told me, "My country, Cuba, is a shithole."		Ireri Bravo (right) is still reeling from images of fams being separated &amp; said "It just breaks my heart." https://t.co/SKA2JJz2xL
My latest: I traveled to Las Vegas, Nevada to talk to two immigrant women -- one a Trump supporter, the other not -- about how their experiences are impacting how they view the close senate race between Sen Dean Heller &amp; Rep Jacky Rosen. Tune in tonight on PBS @NewsHour to watch. https://t.co/f7LdXCIp8M
RT @dsupervilleap: SCOOP: @FLOTUS planning solo international swing through Africa   https://t.co/yl05DHMqiD
RT @nytimes: Brett Kavanaugh urged investigators to ask Bill Clinton graphic questions about his affair with Monica Lewinsky, according to…
As Democrats seemingly back down from calling for  Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to be abolished, President Trump is holing an event celebrating Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Customs and Border Protection. Trump and Republicans seem to like the ICE debate. https://t.co/6c5CGzCg6q
RT @nhannahjones: Want to learn how to code, design and use data for journalism? @IBWellsSociety and @ProPublica are partnering again to of…
The First Lady talking about incorrectly using social media. https://t.co/p9lJ5Elrb1
RT @mitchellreports: Coming up on #AMR: @kwelkernbc Kathy Ruemmler @JillWineBanks @annenbcnews Avril Haines @danielsgoldman Jeffrey Smith @…
RT @gelles: Trump tweets about the “witch hunt”		May 2017: 3 times	June 2017: 5 times	July 2017: 6 times	Oct 2017: 1 time	Dec 2017: 2 times…
RT @AP: Pope on sex abuse: "We showed no care for the little ones.” https://t.co/PJdHHmysB3
RT @nytpolitics: The Times found more than 250 examples of exaggerated, misleading or flat-out false claims by President Trump about the Ru…
RT @costareports: Thread: This story is worthy of more attention. A future WH aide, Darren Beattie, appeared on a panel w/ Peter Brimelow i…
.@RudyGiuliani to @chucktodd just now on @MeetThePress: “Truth isn’t truth.”
Chuck Todd: When might you make a decision about filing a lawsuit?	John Brennan:  “I’m going to be seriously looking at what those options are...”
.@JohnBrennan just hinted on @MeetThePress that he may file a lawsuit or take some legal action in response to President Trump revoking his security clearance.
Excited to be joining @chucktodd on the @MeetThePress panel this morning along with @carolelee @Eugene_Robinson and @hughhewitt. There will be live interviews with @JohnBrennan and @RudyGiuliani. Tune in!
Please check this out now. We’re talking about President Trump and his impact on the world in words, action and foreign policy.  LIVE.👇🏾 https://t.co/omEa9X0ahM
Excited to join @Morning_Joe this hour! Tune in.
RT @kaitlancollins: The date on President Trump's statement about revoking John Brennan's security clearance? July 26. Three weeks ago. I g…
RT @PhilipRucker: John Brennan's public service:	-CIA station chief in Saudi Arabia	-CIA chief of staff	-Director of Terrorist Threat Integ…
RT @JoshNBCNews: John Brennan appeared last night on MSNBC, where he called Trump "dangerous to our nation." A day later, Trump pulls his s…
KEY Question: How many African Americans work at the White House or are senior staffers?		Sarah Sanders: "I'm not going to go through and do a count....We would love to diversify our staff and continue to do so."
Sarah Sanders has been holding less and less press briefings. Now in a rare press briefing directly following the last one, this White House is changing the subject. They are tired of talking about the n-word, Omarosa, and race in general.
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump also is reviewing security clearances of James Clapper, James Comey, Michael Hayden, Sally Yates, Susan Rice, Andre…
RT @kylegriffin1: U.S. diplomats say the State Department has slashed benefit options and funding for children with special needs. The cuts…
RT @kylegriffin1: Omarosa's slow release of taped conversations "is having the same effect on staffers as the daily dumps from WikiLeaks ha…
RT @costareports: A reminder here that the real news isn't always a splashy headline. "The Senate already has installed 24 appellate judges…
A powerful story about an ongoing crisis: Puerto Rico Spent 11 Months Turning the Power Back On. They Finally Got to Her. https://t.co/9aZXAsDBmD
History made: Vermont Democrat Christine Hallquist, ex-utility CEO, is the first transgender major-party candidate nominated for governor.
More fact checking:		Sarah Sanders said it was essentially standard for someone w/ a clearance to have to sign a NDA.		Just talked to ppl w/ clearances and it is definitely NOT standard for everyone w/ a clearance to sign a NDA. But ppl sometimes have to sign them to do govt work https://t.co/EnLDEHA6uf
Fact Check: I just emailed w/ high ranking official from Obama Administration who said Obama &amp; Clinton WH's did NOT have ppl sign NDA's. "That is not something we ever did in the Obama Administration and I am with someone who served in the Clinton WH and she confirmed the same." https://t.co/WKgOF26oML
This is an incredible moment. 		Kristen Welker asking the question that many people--including the president's few black supporters--want to know. https://t.co/sxHsyr0RQB
An answer deeply in need of a fact check....		Q: Why are NDA's necessary for the WH?		Sarah Sanders: Other WH's have had people sign NDA's. It's standard. 		(Fact check coming.....)
Sarah Sanders answering a question about President Trump's repeated attacks on black people: "The media has done far more to divide this country than the president ever has."
Question: What do you say to ppl who look at Trump and think he singles out African Americans as unintelligent?		Sarah Sanders: Pres Trump has said similar things about ppl who are not black or minorities. 		Note: Sanders is defending Trump by saying he insults all sorts of ppl.
Sarah Sanders is saying people never voiced issues about President Trump being racially discriminatory. 		Fact Check: That's not true. Ppl have long said Trump was racially bias bc he was a loud voice in birther movement against Pres Obama &amp; has never apologized to Central Park 5
Question: So can you guarantee that President Trump never used the n-word? 		Sarah Sanders: I haven't been in every single room. ... And African American and Hispanic unemployment is down.
Key Q from Kristen Welker: Can you guarantee that the American people will never hear President Trump utter the n-word on a recording? 		Sarah Sanders: I can't guaranteed anything. But the president addressed this question directly. I've never heard him say it.
Sarah Sanders says reporters are giving Omarosa a platform by continuing to cover her. But President Trump has again and again continued to tweet about her.
RT @JudyWoodruff: today @Omarosa tells @KatyTurNBC Pres Trump knew of stolen Hillary Clinton emails before Wikileaks release; last night sh…
RT @seungminkim: A woman threw a pair of stuffed lips at Doug Jones at a Birmingham town hall, saying “You can kiss my ass if you vote yes”…
As the WH press briefing is about to get under way and Omarosa does another TV interview on MSNBC at 2, a Trump campaign official tells me the campaign is seeking millions of $ in retaliation from Omarosa &amp; may go after any profits she made from writing her book on Pres Trump.
Just confirmed this w/ a Trump campaign official: "Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. has filed an arbitration against Omarosa Manigault-Newman, with the American Arbitration Association in New York City, for breach of her 2016 confidentiality agreement with the Trump Campaign."
President Trump still fuming about Omarosa’s book and allegations. 👇🏾 https://t.co/TTdoVhwXVR
I’ll be on @MSNBC at 10 pm EST tonight talking about Omarosa’s allegations in her new book and the president’s responses. Tune in!
RT @NewsHour: "I never signed that draconian NDA that they presented to me when I walked into the #WhiteHouse because I knew...that this wa…
RT @NewsHour: TONIGHT: @JudyWoodruff interviews former Trump White House adviser @OMAROSA about her new book, "Unhinged." 		Watch on @PBS N…
RT @blakehounshell: Stephen Miller's uncle has some thoughts about his nephew's immigration policies https://t.co/nrF8W5lUhp
RT @GarrettHaake: This is the “Unite the Right”’rally crowd. All of them. https://t.co/flgi9jqZQ2
RT @jdawsey1: Here's the non-disclosure agreement and $15,000 a month consulting contract Omarosa Manigault Newman says she received days a…
RT @kenvogel: JILTED TRUMP LOYALISTS ALLIANCE: @OMAROSA was friendly with @MICHAELCOHEN212, &amp; the two remain in contact, per @jdawsey1. Int…
RT @AP: Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison denies abuse allegations from ex-girlfriend, who says he once dragged her off a bed while screaming ob…
RT @kylegriffin1: At the age of 30, Adrienne Bennett became the first black female master plumber in the U.S. Now, 30 years later, she's th…
RT @jdawsey1: "How could you trust a word she says?" one White House official asked me today. "Why did she make $180,000 a year, have among…
Tune in! Glad to be joining @MTP all hour. https://t.co/MDZTsDbkh4
RT @kylegriffin1: The ACLU believes that ICE deliberately withheld deported parents' phone numbers for more than a month, despite the fact…
RT @trymainelee: #stoneghosts https://t.co/FFlHDAJegZ
RT @PhilipRucker: ‘It’s still hard to look at’ -- The story behind the searing photo of Charlottesville’s worst day https://t.co/AKTtVdWgMT
RT @ProPublica: While making “Documenting Hate: Charlottesville,” we identified one assailant who was a U.S. Marine, and another who held a…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: For the past seven weeks, 3-year-old Sofi was in government custody — separated from her family after they crossed at…
RT @jacobsoboroff: BREAKING: Trump administration says of 2,551 migrant kids 559 *still* separated from parents.		386 have parents *already…
This.... https://t.co/Vb1fo4jFmv
Pres Trump will shortly talk about prison reform. 		Here's my interview w/ a black pastor who supports Trump.		Me: Have you ever seen the president do something that you thought was racially discriminatory in policy or practice?		Bishop Harry Jackson: No		https://t.co/XAvol4xDWb
RT @kylegriffin1: Republican Rep. Chris Collins used campaign funds to pay legal bills while he faced investigation for alleged insider tra…
RT @nicolenarea: Big news for asylum seekers: a D.C. judge just blocked the deportation of mothers and their children in light of a recent…
This is terrifying and important.		 Check this out: You've been arrested by a dishonest cop. Can you win in a system set up to protect officers? https://t.co/7SxA86ZpFv		My result: 166 days in jail. https://t.co/OqUIM4yhhL
This move is another example of the Trump administration's tough policy on Russia while Pres Trump himself has still urged having a good relationship with Pres Putin and Russia. 		Tough policy vs nice talk is the way most of my sources defend Pres Trump especially after Helsinki. https://t.co/x7eocMOGLy
RT @THR: Former 'Today' Co-Host Tamron Hall Signs Development Deal With Disney-ABC https://t.co/dcpAI6HavY https://t.co/ROQ77WRlTk
President Trump’s lawyers rejected the special counsel’s latest terms for an interview in the Russia investigation, countering on Wednesday with an offer that suggested a narrow path for answering questions, people familiar with the matter told The NYT. https://t.co/Vip1eTXctI
RT @kylegriffin1: Trump’s lawyers have rejected Mueller's latest terms for an interview in the Russia investigation and are seeking a narro…
Getting back on Twitter after attending Paul Manafort's trial today. Biggest take away: Rick Gates looked very uncomfortable on the stand. He looked straight ahead the entire time except for one quick glance at Manafort. You could feel the tense mood between the two men.
RT @KenDilanianNBC: Read this richly reported story on the Gates testimony with lots of interesting background. ⁦@kenvogel⁩  https://t.co/n…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Gates describes funneling millions through Cyprus accounts (from @AP) https://t.co/2jLlp7GwOh
RT @seungminkim: "Of the 75 female journalists interviewed for the study, 73 said they had experienced gendered harassment online" 		https:…
RT @jaketapper: .⁦@SpeakerRyan⁩ to ⁦@MarkLeibovich⁩ : “I can look myself in the mirror at the end of the day and say I avoided that tragedy…
RT @JuliaEAinsley: EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Miller's next target: Legal immigrants https://t.co/NU8RdXvKaw
RT @NewsHour: President Trump is on vacation at his home in New Jersey. But as @Yamiche reports, the president's comments on Twitter are ra…
Just got back from Mexico and looking through all the great photos from #NABJ18 . I missed you NABJ family but I'm looking forward to seeing everyone in Miami -- my hometown. And special shout out to @NatashaSAlford on her Emerging Journalist of the Year Award!
RT @alanblinder: From the Arizona desert to a district near Mount Rainier, politicians who have been accused of sexual harassment are runni…
RT @NewsHour: It's fair to say President Trump's history with race is complicated. @Yamiche has a look at the president's statements and ac…
RT @NewsHour: On the president's housing and urban development policies, "I think that what Mr. Trump is going to do is going to be much mo…
RT @JudyWoodruff: should power gravitate from Washington to local communities? @NYTDavidBrooks &amp; @Sifill_LDF debate https://t.co/wcmo9qctMu
Sarah Sanders was just asked whether the president thinks it is right for a reporter to be heckled during a live shot and she said he believes in free speech.
I just asked Sarah Sanders whether the president thinks Secretary Ben Carson's policies raising rents on poor people and slowing anti-segregation initiatives helps inner cities. She said she wasn't familiar with the policies.		Note: HUD &amp; Carson has been very vocal about them.
Sarah Sanders on President Trump saying Jeff Sessions should end Mueller probe: "It's not not an order it's an opinion...He wants to see it come to an end."
RT @NewsHour: An FBI agent who participated in the raid last year on Paul Manafort’s Virginia condo testified on the second day of the tria…
I was happy to speak with the great @mitchellreports today as she celebrates her 40th year at NBC. She's such a rock star and a great colleague! https://t.co/d3XmHqrZxO
RT @mitchellreports: .@Yamiche: We all have to remember that Robert Mueller is looking at obstruction of justice as a part of this investig…
RT @mitchellreports: .@Yamiche: All of my sources tell me that Trump knows it will be hard to fire Sessions because he would not be able to…
RT @finnygo: NEW: Rudy Giuliani, counsel to @realDonaldTrump, Statement on Trump’s tweet this AM on:Mueller investigation: https://t.co/Zhp…
@Law_Mana Hi. I’m a correspondent with PBS NewsHour. Is there a way to connect with you please?
RT @IAmDanCooney: The 32 fake accounts Facebook took down were about issues Americans "argue about," @Yamiche told @johnyangtv. "Many of th…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: President Donald Trump is expected to discuss workforce development during an event in Tampa, Florida https://t.c…
RT @NewsHour: Facebook today said it took down 32 fake accounts that were focused on sowing political discord. "Some of these pages were up…
Race remains at the center of influencing elections. The most followed fake Facebook Pages trying to influence people were “Aztlan Warriors,” “Black Elevation,” “Mindful Being,” and “Resisters.” https://t.co/XMharOxt82 https://t.co/e5U9YXjYMN
RT @nytimes: With 99 days to go until the November midterm election, the battleground in the fight for control of the House is starting to…
RT @ZekeJMiller: What does Mueller have? Manafort trial offers glimpse (from @AP) https://t.co/s8Y7j1I6NL
RT @WPJohnWagner: Giuliani won’t explain the ‘very nasty’ business relationship Trump says he had with Mueller https://t.co/mNUObtHELY
RT @NBCPolitics: JUST IN: Special counsel releases 35-person witness list for upcoming trial against Paul Manafort - @PeteWilliamsNBC https…
President Trump tells Sean Hannity he wants to hit the campaign trail for midterm candidate: What I told my people just now...We have to get a group together. Give me the top 25 congress people who can go either way and I want to go out and support those people.
President Trump tells Sean Hannity he looks forward to taking sanctions off of North Korea in the future then quickly pivots to talking about NATO and pushing allies to pay more in defense.
President Trump to Sean Hannity just now: "When I was with President Obama ... He did say the biggest problem we have is with North Korea ... We are talking about 50, 60, 100 million people could have been wiped out."
President Trump attacks Democrats while talking to Sean Hannity: "In the election coming up, the Democrats want to raise everybody's taxes...They want to open up borders. They want to get rid of ICE...We won't have a country."
President Trump to Sean Hannity: "We can go a lot higher" than 4 percent growth on US economy.
RT @NFLprguy: New Joint NFL-NFLPA Statement https://t.co/1RomhuoS7g
President Trump to Sean Hannity: "I want fair trade. I don't want trade that people think is fair and free."
President Trump is now live on Sean Hannity's radio show. Trump starts by touting growth numbers and Hannity starts by criticizing President Obama.
RT @axios: Nuns are coming forward to accuse priests and bishops of sexual assault	https://t.co/G8eqCjpYqW
Everyone should read this ProPublica report about sexual abuse in immigrant youth shelters. https://t.co/tIK04sviWi "...The records challenge the Trump administration’s assertion that the shelters are safe havens for children. "
President Trump while talking growth says that Mike Pence will be greeting remains of American killed service members flown in from North Korea. “These American heroes will soon lay at rest on sacred American soil.”
Trump: “We are getting jobs. We are getting money coming in.”
President Trump going after US allies hard during this speech: “We were a used by the companies within counties and in particular we were abused by countries themsleives including our allies..They stole our jobs and plundered our wealth.”
Trump: “We have added 3.7 million new jobs...A number that is unthinkable.”
President Trump speaking on the South Lawn of the White House about economic growth says: These numbers are sustainable. This isn’t a one time shot...We’ve accomplish an economic turn around of historic portion. https://t.co/J9yksu11N3
RT @NewsHour: Farmers fear the president's #tradewar will cost them access to valuable markets they need to sell crops and other products a…
NEW: A court filing by ACLU and Trump administration says all parents eligible for reunification will be reunified by today. Here are the new numbers from filing. https://t.co/eYI0hmeHzn
RT @kylegriffin1: Jean-Claude Juncker used "a dozen colorful cue cards with simplified explainers" to negotiate with Trump, WSJ rpts.		Each…
RT @amyfiscus: NEW: Perhaps inevitably, the special counsel is investigating Trump's tweets, per @nytmike @maggieNYT https://t.co/4IvIWIUrxW
RT @kylegriffin1: In three politically important Midwest states —Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota — Trump's job approval rating is below…
RT @NewsHour: Today is the deadline for the Trump administration to reunify separated minors between the ages of 5 and 17 with their parent…
As all this happens, the president is traveling to Iowa and Illinois and likely not talking immigration but trade. Pres Trump will make a stop in Dubuque, Iowa, then Granite City, Ill. just outside of St. Louis, to visit and tour Granite City Works, a steel production facility.
The Trump administration also said  908 parents are not expected to be eligible for reunification because of criminal backgrounds or, in the majority of cases, because the parent required "further evaluation."
Last week the Trump administration said it had reunified 364 of more than 2,500 migrant children separated from their parents.
Today is the court ordered deadline for the Trump administration to reunite all eligible immigrant families that were separated. In court, the Trump admin has said 1,607 of parents are eligible to be reunited with their children and that 719 have final orders of deportation.
Adding my voice to those coming to the defense of @kaitlancollins. Asking the president questions about a timely topic during a pool spray is exactly what WH reporters do. Good to see other networks banding together with CNN because Kaitlan could have been any WH reporter today.
This pretty much sums it up. https://t.co/Vf4SVvabGH
RT @NewsHour: Most Americans think President Trump isn’t tough enough on Russia, according to a new @NewsHour/@NPR/@Marist poll. 		Read mor…
RT @NewsHour: The fallout continued today from a secret recording of then-candidate Donald Trump discussing hush money for a former Playboy…
RT @NewsHour: House Republicans launch bid to impeach Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein https://t.co/FCtIMhJUoa
So much news today. President Trump and President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, say they have agree to try to work toward zero tariffs including none on industrial goods. But they didn't take reporter questions and thus have left a lot open.
President Trump standing alongside Jean-Claude Juncker says that they are working toward zero tariffs including no tariffs on industrial goods.
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: #periscope: @SecPompeo testifies before Senate Foreign Relations Committee https://t.co/TcdFIzsjww
RT @JudyWoodruff: Secy of State Mike Pompeo begins to testify on Capitol Hill about Trump-Putin meetings; hearing already off to a riveting…
RT @seungminkim: Per @AP, four GOP governors didn't sign letter endorsing Kavanaugh: Baker (Mass), Hogan (Md), Scott (Vt.) and Rauner (Ill.…
RT @hardball: Tonight on #Hardball: New demands from Trump on a Mueller sit-down interview: no questions on obstruction. @DelPercioS, @Jill…
Overall message from Trump administration is that $12B emergency aid to farmer is short term fix to give President Trump time to make trade deals and to help farmers find new markets to sell. 		Also, Trump administration says soy beans have been hit the hardest by trade disputes. https://t.co/iWVn4PkxCT
RT @nytimes: Thousands of people were supposed to start receiving Medicaid in Maine after voters approved an expansion. But Maine's governo…
At least 3 Repubs are against $12B farming aid.		Rand Paul: It's "welfare for farmers." 		Ben Sasse: "Bailouts aren’t going to make America great again, they’re just going to make it 1929 again." 		Ron Johnson: "This is becoming more and more like a Soviet-type of economy here"
Agriculture Undersecretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, Greg Ibach says the program is supposed to be short term and officials don’t expect this to go into next year.
Agriculture Sec Sonny Perdue says $12B emergency aid to farmers aims to offset $11B in losses on tariffs and trade.“The programs we are announcing today are a firm statement that other nation cannot bully our agricultural producers.”
NEW: Agriculture Sec Sonny Perdue officially announces $12B emergency aid to farmers. 3 programs: Market Facilitation (the biggest of 3; direct payments), Food Purchase &amp; Distribution (buying food &amp; giving to places like food banks) &amp; Trade Promotion (build new export markets)
Trump just now on his trade policy: "The farmers will be the biggest beneficiary...Just be a little patient."
Ivanka Trump's fashion company is shutting down https://t.co/ouiCxrCySz via @pagesix
WH is about to announce a $12B emergency plan for farmers that will include money through direct assistance, a food purchase and distribution program, and a trade promotion program. (Note: As part of Farm Bill, the Trump administration wanted to make deep cuts to food stamps)
As Trump administration readies to announce $12 billion package of emergency aid for farmers caught in the midst of President Trump’s trade war, President Trump says this just now: “We don’t apologize for America anymore. We stand up for the patriots who defend America."
RT @jacobsoboroff: JUST IN: Trump administration says immediate deportation of some reunited families should move forward, citing space iss…
RT @kylegriffin1: Muslim Americans are running for elected office in numbers not seen since before September 11th. Some 50 are still in the…
RT @costareports: Special counsel has nearly 500 pieces of evidence for Paul Manafort trial https://t.co/CihAPlFnRM
I’ll be on @KasieDC tonight alongside @PhilipRucker and @nytmike. Tune in!
@mtill50 Hahahaha. Fingers crossed that you stay cool.
RT @washingtonweek: Who’s driving the second invitation to Vladimir Putin inside of the Trump administration? @Yamiche #WashWeek https://t.…
My last TV hit of the day: I’ll be on @msnbc in 2 mins talking with @KatyTurNBC about President Trump’s week. Tune in!
@bankerkam I am not coming to NJ. I’ll be in DC this weekend!
RT @costareports: This week, one question kept coming up: What is really going on inside the administration? Tonight, you'll hear from @mar…
So many questions for President Trump today but he just walked past dozens of reporters—myself included— without taking questions on the South Lawn of the White House. He’s off to spend a weekend in NJ now. https://t.co/1DDbRvZ6do
RT @amyfiscus: UPDATE: Cohen and Trump were discussing a separate payment from Trump to Karen McDougal during a conversation Cohen recorded…
Just seeing this. Interesting.... https://t.co/cYCpamPpXQ
Senior Republican Senate source tells me this today on Dir of National Intelligence Dan Coats: "He’s widely respected &amp; regarded. He was a senator not once but twice. Smart thoughtful &amp; with deep ties to the Senate on both sides of the aisle. He was also ambassador to Germany."
RT @costareports: Join us tonight! @WashingtonWeek will debut our new set and welcome four first-rate reporters: ⁦@margbrennan⁩ ⁦@danbalz⁩…
RT @ZekeJMiller: N. Korea puts reunion of war separated families in doubt   https://t.co/diePm6Qthu
RT @juliehdavis: Official interpreter Marina Gross is the only other American who heard what Trump said to Putin. Her notes are probably us…
I’m on @Morning_Joe this hour. Tune in as a we discuss the latest on President Trump and Russian election interference.
RT @maggieNYT: On cutting-room floor, I asked a McConnell aide if Putin is welcome in the Capitol. “There is no invitation from Congress,”…
RT @PhilipRucker: Inside White House, there’s anger and frustration with Dan Coats over @mitchellreports interview. “Coats has gone rogue,”…
RT @NewsHour: At the White House today, more shifting winds on whether Russian President Vladimir Putin is a fast friend or a fierce foe. @…
RT @NewsHour: "President Trump's inability to definitively say that Vladimir Putin ordered Russian nationals to interfere in the 2016 elect…
RT @dnvolz: SCOOP: The three top cyber officials at the FBI are departing, a sweep of turnover that comes amid concerns about flagging mora…
A must read: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called President Trump after the 2016 election to congratulate the Trump team on its victory and successful campaign, which spent millions of dollars on advertising with Facebook. https://t.co/7qzwZbUWGy
Putin is being invited to the White House for a fall visit, per Sarah Sanders. https://t.co/wsIc56Owi2
RT @Jordanfabian: NEW: White House says President Trump "disagrees" with Putin proposal to allow Russians interrogate U.S. citizens: https:…
RT @CNBCnow: BREAKING: President Trump lays into the Fed, says he's 'not thrilled' about interest rate hikes https://t.co/SCnGVv6brj
RT @kylegriffin1: Robert Mueller, in a filing late Wednesday, listed 436 exhibits that his prosecutors may present at Paul Manafort's trial…
RT @NatashaBertrand: Kirstjen Nielsen says at #AspenSecurity that she does not think there is evidence that Russia targeted US election inf…
RT @NewsHour: Was President Trump equating the credibility of the U.S. intelligence community with President Putin? @JudyWoodruff and @yami…
RT @kylegriffin1: The Trump admin has summoned at least 70 infants to immigration court for their own deportation proceedings since Oct. 1,…
Here’s the nine page plan they mention: https://t.co/MIVTFZVZ1D
RT @NewsHour: What do we understand at this point about what the president believes about Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election? @Yami…
My inbox just now from HHS: Read the Trump Administration Plan for Reunifying Children https://t.co/jTI9PMzgZH
My Q: Does the president see election interference in 2016 &amp; possibly in midterms as an attack on American democracy or just political opponents? 	Sarah Sanders:  We're making bold reforms to try to fix this and make sure it never happens again because we take it seriously.
RT @KatyTurNBC: Don't let this question by @maggieNYT go unnoticed. Sanders says Trump will discuss allowing Russia to question American ci…
Sarah Sanders: We want to do everything in our power to protect the integrity of our elections.
Sarah Sanders: The president has made clear to President Putin that he should stay out of US elections.
Q: Why did it take so long for president to clarify his remarks on Russia interfering with US elections from "would" to "wouldn't"?	S Sanders: I don't think it was that long. Once he reviewed the transcript, he did.	Note: It was more than 24 hrs later &amp; Trump tweets constantly.
Sarah Sanders is doubling down and saying that President Trump was saying "no" he did not want to answer the question not "no, Russia isn't targeting the U.S."
My Q: Pres Trump said of Russia and U.S. intel communities, “I have confidence in both parties."  After Charlottesville, Trump said "I think there is blame on both sides." What do you say to ppl who see these as false equivalences?		Sarah Sanders: The two aren't connected.
Sarah Sanders on possibility that Russia might interfere with US elections: "We believe the threat still exists."
Sarah Sanders is now reading a list of things she said the Trump administration has done to combat election interference like DHS providing states support on cyber security.
Sarah Sanders says President Trump was saying "no" to answering questioning not "no" that Russia isn't targeting the United States. "He does believe they would target U.S. elections."
Sarah Sanders starts WH briefing by saying President Trump will be traveling to Kansas next week to speak with veterans.
As President Trump deals with the aftermath of his comments on Russian election interference, Douglas Lute, former US rep to NATO, tells me he expects that our NATO allies will begin to craft work-arounds around the U.S. since they can not trust or count on the U.S. under Trump.
RT @kylegriffin1: German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas on Trump's attempted reversal on Russia: "This is apparently an attempt at damage limi…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Tale of sex, deception emerges about suspected Russian agent   https://t.co/7lZbSfcALS
RT @HeidiPrzybyla: WH spokesperson on Fox Business on media "hysteria" over Trump behavior in Helsinki:	"They really need to look into the…
RT @JudyWoodruff: "President Putin has a plan to separate us from our allies...to undermine democracy and to regain influence in the Middle…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Wisconsin governor downplays interaction with Russian   https://t.co/4JayK47TMc
RT @axios: Zuckerberg on Facebook's decision not to take down false posts:"As abhorrent as some of this content can be, I do think that it…
The breakdown per pool: One reporter asked Trump if he thinks Russia is still targeting U.S. &amp; its elections. Trump quickly claimed “no,” then smirked &amp; laughed as reporters filed out. He also said Putin understands his “tough” foreign policy “a lot better” than “the media” does.
President Donald Trump just now: "There has never been a president as tough on Russia as I have been."
I'm back from Europe and heading to the White House press briefing by Sarah Sanders at 2 p.m. today.		So many, many questions.
RT @gelles: Trump wrote in big black Sharpie on his printed remarks: “THERE WAS NO COLLUSION” https://t.co/5wiG4ukGce
RT @AshleyRParker: John Kelly began calling Hill lawmakers after Helsinki, doing damage control and urging them to speak bluntly to Trump —…
RT @kylegriffin1: Ex-NATO Supreme Allied Commander Adm James Stavridis: "In terms of what happened there, the Russians have a recording. Th…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: Barack Obama delivers speech in South Africa	https://t.co/US3ZwP5FWi
RT @maggieNYT: In his conversation with Mr. Wallace, Mr. Putin took pains to diminish Mr. Trump’s stature as a businessman to insist that h…
RT @NewsHour: Analysis: After more than two decades covering Russia, I’ve never seen anything quite like today. (via @ryanchilcote)  https:…
RT @nytpolitics: “You have been watching,” said the disembodied voice of Anderson Cooper, “one of the most disgraceful performances by an A…
RT @nytimes: How Republican lawmakers responded to Trump’s Russian meddling denial	https://t.co/7lNSHa8vzh
RT @seungminkim: Here’s how the White House is spinning the Helsinki summit, per talking points sent to Capitol Hill: https://t.co/VWyruOBN…
RT @kylegriffin1: The 'Trump Baby' blimp that flew over London last week may be heading to New Jersey. 		Didier Jiminez-Castro, an activist…
RT @AshleyRParker: Inside Trump’s “game time” decision to go his own way on the Helsinki summit with Putin. Me, @jdawsey1 + @CarolLeonnig w…
RT @NYTNational: 1,317 migrant children who are still in government custody have received initial clearance for reunification with their fa…
RT @KenDilanianNBC: Keep in mind, Trump has seen far more detailed and persuasive evidence on Russian election interference than has been m…
RT @SabrinaSiddiqui: Putin denies once again to Chris Wallace that Russians have dirt on Trump: "I don’t want to insult President Trump whe…
RT @NewsHour: President Trump has placed U.S. intelligence agencies on the "same playing field" as President Vladimir Putin's denial he had…
RT @NewsHour: "That was a clean campaign. I beat Hillary Clinton easily," said Trump today in a news conference with Russia's President Put…
RT @joshuamckerrow: First day back for me after 5 American journalists, my friends, murdered in our old newsroom. We press on. @capgaznews…
RT @axios: Ben Sasse: "This is bizarre and flat-out wrong." 	Jeff Flake: "This is shameful." 	John Brennan: "Not only were Trump’s comments…
RT @NewsHour: The many different ways Trump has described Putin and Russian election interference (via @ericarhendry) https://t.co/MF1sMgCO…
RT @NewsHour: How lawmakers, intelligence experts are reacting to Trump’s comments about Russia (via @Josh_Barrage) https://t.co/xUW8DSfgeR
RT @NewsHour: Police shot and killed a man was in Chicago's South Shore neighborhood after officers on foot tried to question him because t…
Check out my reporting alongside @ryanchilcote tonight on @NewsHour. Tune in!
AP goes there... says President Trump’s new slogan has morphed from “American First” to “Me First” https://t.co/d8U1R5AMDD
RT @NewsHour: Live from #Helsinki2018, NewsHour's @Yamiche @mtill50 + @ryanchilcote highlight key moments from Trump's news conference w/ R…
Dan Coats ... https://t.co/MXTiIKGP5M
Senior PBS producer @mtill50 notes: President Trump and President never said the words NATO or sanctions. Incredible.
Seriously. The questions from @JonLemire &amp; @jeffmason1 were important and what every U.S. journalists wanted to know. https://t.co/Cf0uWFrmnF
On body language: President Trump looked super serious and seemed like he was interested in using Putin’s ideas to handle election meddling. President Putin looked generally pleased and was smirking as Trump said he didn’t think Russia meddled in US elections.
RT @chucktodd: Noticing on twitter that many of the normal Trump defenders are struggling mightily to defend today’s performance.
Q from AP: Does Russia have incriminating info on Trump or his family?	Putin: Yes, I have heard these rumors...When President Trump visited back then, I didn't even know he was in Moscow...When he was a private individual, no one informed me he was here.
President Trump said President Putin made an "incredible offer" to allow Mueller to come to Russia and work with Putin's people to question people who may have hacked/ meddled in U.S. elections.
INCREDIBLE MOMENT:		Q from AP reporter: Who do you believe Putin or US intelligence community who said Putin ordered election meddling?		President Trump: I don't see any reason why it would be Russia. I have confidence in both parties...What happened to Hillary Clinton's emails?
President Trump: "Our militaries do get a long very well and they do coordinate in Syria and there places."
President Trump: I think working with Israel is a great thing and creating safety for Israel is a good thing.
President Putin says he wanted Trump to win the election: "Yes I did. Yes I did. Because he talked about bringing the US-Russia relationship back to normal."
Pres Putin on 12 Russians being indicted for election meddling: We have an existing treaty between US &amp; Russia...Mueller can use this treaty to send an official request so we can interrogate individuals who he thinks have committed crimes...Mueller can also be present during Qing
Pres Putin on why Americans should trust that Russia didn't meddle in our election: Where did you get this idea that Trump trusts me or I trust him?...We are looking for ways to reconcile our differences...The idea that Russia meddled in election is non sense just like Trump said
A reporter just asked Pres Putin why Americans should believe that Russia didn't interfere in the 2016 election?		President Trump answers before Putin can get a word in: The whole concept came out as a reason why the Democrats won the election...There was no collusion.
President Trump: I think the United States has been foolish...We should have had this dialogue a long time ago with Russia...We have chance to do great things...I think the probe has been a "disaster" for Russia and U.S.
President Putin: We are aware of stance of President Trump on Russian energy pipeline. We can work together on regulation of natural energy sources. We are not interested in driving prices up.
President Trump on President Putin: "A good competitor, he is."
President Trump: It's in the interest of both our countries to meet. We will be meeting often in the future I'm sure.
Pres Trump alongside Pres Putin says he spent a "great deal of time" talking about Russian election interference. Trump adds that Putin has "interesting idea" on interference and says Putin is concerned about it and that Russia is going to work with US to deal with interference.
President Trump standing alongside Pres Putin: "Our relationship has never been worse than it is now. However, that changed as of about four hours ago."
President Trump: Diplomacy and engagement is not only good for Russia and the US but for the world.
President Trump speaking next, after President Putin. 		Trump: We had a direct, open dialogue.
President Putin: 		We have to engage experts on bilateral relationships including experts who would look for points of contact to grow the relationship with the US. 		I am happy with this "full scale" meeting because before we only have brief meetings. 		Thanked "Donald."
President Putin: We are glad that the Korean peninsula issue is starting to be resolved...That is thanks in part to Trump who opted for dialogue with North Korea.
President Putin alongside President Trump: We favor the continued cooperation in counter terrorism and cyber security.
Putin: As nuclear powers, we  (US and Russia) bare special responsibility to maintain international security.
Putin: We can only cope with challenges if we join together..Today's meeting is about restoring level of trusts.
Pres Putin speaking first. "The current tension, the tense atmosphere have no solid reason behind it. The Cold War is a thing of the past."
President Trump and President Putin have walked in. Presser starting now.
Sam Husseini of the Institute of Public Accuracy had a sign that said “nuclear ban” on  8x11 piece of paper. https://t.co/z7vgMJEsy5
US and Russia delegation is now walking in. Presser is about to stop.
Reporters have pretty much filled up the room where the Trump Putin joint presser is going to happen.  It was supposed to start at 4:50 p.m. local time. It is now 5:30 p.m. in Finland.
Update from pool at 4:10 local: While holding in the courtyard, a Finnish press official told the pool that the 1:1 meeting between Trump and Putin is still ongoing, which means it is pushing 2 hours.
RT @mitchellreports: Wow Russian foreign ministry account “likes” Trump pre summit tweet blaming prior US policy for bad relations with Mos…
My latest for @NewsHour 👇🏾 from #HelsinkiSummit https://t.co/hiqtAmXovn
RT @jennymarder: "While President Trump spoke for some time and Putin stayed largely quiet, the body language between the two presidents il…
President Trump and Putin were supposed to have a press conference at 4:50 p.m. local time here in Finland. But it seems both leaders are now an hour behind schedule....
As Trump meets with Putin.... https://t.co/EP3k0Al8yW
Trump as he sat next to Putin just now: We are the two great nuclear powers - we have 90% of the nuclear - that’s not a good things, not a bad thing. We’ll be talking about that among other things.
RT @ryanchilcote: Did Putin snub Trump by showing up late?  Not as much as Merkel!  Join me for analysis tonight on @NewsHour with @Yamiche…
President Trump and President Putin are now going behind closed doors, one-on-one with just translators.
President Trump as he sits next to President Putin: We all have a lot of questions. Hopefully we will come up with answers.
President Trump as he sits next to President Putin says they will be discussing nuclear capabilities, military, trade and China.
President Trump as he sits next to President Putin: "We have not been getting along...But I think we will end up having an extraordinary relationship...Getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing."
Been waiting for this story. Behold, the fruits of diversity. https://t.co/MQqOMHkfbr
Trump has arrived at presidential palace for his meeting w/ Putin.		During drive, a few ppl gave motorcade middle fingers. 		One sign read: "Free press banned in Russia. Banned in the US?" 		Another: "God Bless You, President Trump and Putin." 		One little kid held a "MAGA" sign. https://t.co/ZXdasS2wah
Finland level trolling at Pres Trump.		En route, we passed a billboard that said "Mr. President, welcome to the land of free press," which had been posted in advance of the summit by the largest newspaper in Finland, per pool.		 Project explained here: https://t.co/gtusxIyV2u)
RT @davidgura: The meeting between Presidents Trump and Putin is behind schedule, because of Putin's tardiness. 	 	Flagging this, from Amb.…
RT @emarvelous: Muslim candidates running in record numbers face backlash (from @AP) https://t.co/c4c3uPXBiT
RT @kylegriffin1: Real wages fell 1.4% from the year prior.		"Six months after the [GOP tax bill] became law, there's still little evidence…
RT @mitchellreports: Tomorrow is 4th anniversary of shoot down of Malaysian airliner MH17 by Russian forces or Russian backed forces and Fr…
Per pool: The notoriously late Russian Pres Vladimir Putin kept Pres Trump waiting for close to an hour past his planned departure time. Putin got to Helsinki just after 1 p.m. -- official greeting at Presidential Palace had been scheduled for 1:10. Trump left for meeting at 1:37
RT @AP_GMS: President Trump lowers expectations for Putin meeting.@Yamiche and @ryanchilcote are live in Helsinki for @NewsHour #Helsinki20…
In Russia, between 1998 and 2018, 58 reporters have been killed and just in 2018, around the world, 33 journalists have been killed, according to Committee to Protect Journalists. Just a thought as Pres. Trump attacks the media ahead of a meeting with Putin who jails reporters. https://t.co/XnLr8dokBt
RT @nytimes: President Trump is the first to go this long without awarding national medals in the arts and humanities https://t.co/pEm3I7fu…
RT @axios: Stuck wages for most U.S. workers looks like more than a blip in the booming economy, and some mainstream economists say the gov…
Watch @NewsHour Weekend tonight to see @ryanchilcote and I reporting from Helsinki, Finland on the eve of President Trump and President Putin’s meeting. https://t.co/3FAdXQI9EI
RT @NatashaBertrand: I’ll be back on @MSNBC at 2 with the always great @davidgura and @Yamiche
I’ll be on @MSNBC speaking with @davidgura at 2 pm EST from super sunny Helsinki, Finland. Tune in. https://t.co/21sWMy6IPV
Congrats to France! #WorldCup 		I also can't help but note that it is beautiful to see such a diverse team winning in the final! https://t.co/6hHXefSUHr
RT @FaceTheNation: President Trump tells @jeffglor the European Union is a “foe” of the United States. The president also said Russia is a…
RT @CBSNews: "I go in with very low expectations. I think that getting along with Russia is a good thing, but it's possible we won't," Pres…
RT @FaceTheNation: BREAKING: President Trump in new @CBSNews interview calls the European Union a “foe” of the United States. The president…
Reporting from Helsinki, Finland today and this is quite possibly the best Trump impersonation I’ve ever seen. And he had “secret service” with him. https://t.co/fGjg2ZZZ4K
RT @NewsHour: Police shot and killed a man was in Chicago's South Shore neighborhood after officers on foot tried to question him because t…
RT @mtill50: Sizable #HelsinkiCalling protest staged in front of Helsinki cathedral, before @POTUS arrival for #TrumpPutinSummit https://t.…
RT @ABC: HAPPENING NOW: “Trump baby” balloon takes to the skies over London, England. https://t.co/rmHiQ1oBfx https://t.co/vhvbzi5kd4
RT @itscaitlinhd: All “eligible” children under 5-years-old have been reunified with their parents. That doesn’t mean much to people like N…
RT @meridithmcgraw: BBC interviewed the Sun reporter who said Sanders tried to end the interview but Trump “swatted her away” and “kept on…
RT @AshleyRParker: NEW: Jared Kushner lacks security clearance level to review some of the nation’s most sensitive intelligence in White Ho…
RT @NewsHour: Trump administration officials said they will cut funding for an outreach program that helps individuals sign up for coverage…
RT @NewsHour: After President Trump's departure from a tense #NATO summit, Rep. Gov. @JohnKasich of Ohio says he is very concerned about th…
Incredible comments by President Trump. He’s trading one tense setting for another. https://t.co/8K4lKtEu8O
RT @JohnKasich: I will be a guest on this evening’s @PBS @NewsHour with @JudyWoodruff. Check your local listing time. Hope you can tune in!…
RT @HeidiPrzybyla: Strzok given time to speak freely: 	"This entire exercise comes at a cost. We are doing things that, in the future, tear…
RT @NewsHour: "President Trump doubled down on the fact that he wanted to increase defense spending," says @Yamiche, reporting on the presi…
RT @NewsHour: "I believe in #NATO." 		That's the statement President Trump used to cap his time at the #NATOSummit. He would not say direct…
RT @nathanielcline: Peter Strzok's remarks referencing Loudoun County didn't go over so well in February with elected officials via @kareng…
RT @TalKopan: HUGE: DHS is fully implementing Sessions’ asylum decision at the border, a move that could immediately turn away thousands of…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: President Donald Trump’s achievements remain unclear after chaotic two days at NATO. https://t.co/A6RIXqhUuV
RT @axios: North Korea failed to show up for a planned meeting with the U.S. at the DMZ to discuss the return of the remains of Americans w…
RT @jonathanweisman: Pete Strzok goes there. Wow. “I have the utmost respect for Congress’s oversight role, but I truly believe that today’…
RT @KenDilanianNBC: We are now treated to the spectacle of Republican members of Congress threatening an FBI agent unless he answers questi…
RT @NewsHour: ICYMI -- In the first day of his meeting with #NATO allies, President Trump came out swinging saying “Germany is captive to R…
Q: Why did you add talks about burden sharing today at last minute?	NATO Sec Gen: Initiated by President Trump we agreed to develop national plans... National plans are a very powerful plan to make sure we deliver to make sure we increase defense spending substantially.
Q: Why did you call a special, last minute meeting?	NATO Sec Gen: "We all felt that we had not finished our discussion with burden sharing….We all felt we needed more discussion on burden sharing….There is a new sense of urgency and all allies agreed to redouble their efforts."
NATO Secretary General on NATO and Trump's harsh rhetoric: We had frank but also respectful discussions….But it was a good summit even if everything wasn't scripted...The most important thing to me is substance and in that sense this summit delivered.
@leadersplay2win I wanted to ask whether he would commit to not changing any US commitments to NATO during his meeting with Putin. Now, we will have to wait and see what he does. I'll be in Finland on Monday for the meeting so maybe I'll get to ask him there.
At 10 a.m. ET I'll be talking with @HallieJackson on @MSNBC about President Trump's surprise press conference and the mood in the room here in Brussels. Hallie is anchoring from London and I'll be in front of the #NATO flags. Tune in!
RT @AP: The Latest: Macron denies Trump claims on defense spending. https://t.co/RON8u8wlQU
(Tweet 2 of 2) Pres Trump's answer to me at NATO: "They were probably worried because the U.S. was not being treated fairly but now we are because the commitment has been upped so much. So now they are....I believe in NATO. Probably the greatest ever done."
(Tweet 1 of 2) My Question to President Trump at NATO: Did you ever at any point say that the US might stop engaging in NATO? And do you think that your rhetoric helps NATO cohesion or are you worried that it might make people think the US might pull out of NATO?
President Trump just wrapped a press conference after about 35 minutes.
President Trump at #NATOSummit: "We are looking for peace in Africa...We want peace all over...We are looking to solve problems...What's going on in Africa, it's so sad."
President Trump: "I have spent a great fortune in Iraq...We have already been talking the people who won that election...We will do the best we can with it."
President Trump at NATO says he think trade war with China will ultimately work out.
President Trump being sarcastic while answering question about best goal for Putin meeting: No more wars. No more problems...Let's find a cure for every disease.
President Trump on Putin: "He's a competitor...He's not my enemy...But the couple of times I've met him, we got along well."
President Trump: I think NATO is more put together and coordinated then perhaps it ever has been.
Trump on London protests: I think they like me a lot on the UK. I think they agree with me on immigration.
President Trump says NATO allies "thanked" him for meeting with Russia. "They gave us their best wishes...It could lead to something very productive. Maybe it's not. I think meeting with people is great."
President Trump: NATO together is much stronger an going at it with countries alone. "I am very concerned with the pipeline. I don't like the pipelne." Adds that he will be asking about Russian election meddling.
President Trump: "We had a great meeting in terms of getting along...Everybody in that room got along."
President Trump on his rhetoric at NATO: "I think this has been a very effective way of negotiating."
Trump: I have great respect for Germany...both my parents were from the EU.
Trump answering a question about whether he will be tweeting about NATO once he leaves: "I am a very stable genius."
Trump: "We will go to much higher to 2 percent (of GDP) in the future"
Trump: "I said ultimately, we should be at 4 percent" of GDP for defense spending.
President Trump: "I think I can probably" pull out of NATO without Congress's approval.
"I think NATO is much stronger now than it was two days ago....We were carrying too much of a burden," Trump says.
"I hope that we are going to be able to get along with Russia," Trump says.
Trump: "The United States commitment to NATO remains very strong."
President Trump is now speaking saying that other countries have agreed to increase defense spending. #NATO https://t.co/NnsPMI0lzJ
RT @ZekeJMiller: BRUSSELS (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there was 'clear commitment to NATO' by all in alliance's emergency s…
President Trump will speak at NATO in just a few mins. https://t.co/fshpmgHYmL
Today is another super eventful day at NATO:	-Trump continues to attack Germany	-Sources say Trump used time at meeting w/ Ukraine &amp; Georgia to complain more about NATO defense spending	-NATO Sec Gen called emergency session soon after	-IN 3 MINS: Trump to speak at presser
Per WH Press Office, there will be a U.S. press conference taking place at 12:15 PM local time in the Main Press Theatre at NATO.
White House press corps has been gathered for what is looking like a coming press conference.
RT @AP: BREAKING: 2 officials at NATO summit say the alliance is in emergency session amid Trump demands for increased defense spending.
RT @valentinapop: Luxembourg PM @Xavier_Bettel gives download of the NATO dinner last night: "Trump was in a good mood, he said Europe is a…
"Wifi on the plane." My goodness. https://t.co/zcVLR5Ko0K
My last hit of the day: I’ll be on @hardball at 7 pm EST talking about President Trump’s eventful first day at the #NATOSummit in Brussels.
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh piled up credit card debt by purchasing Nationals tickets, White House says	Kavanaugh reported between $60,000 to $200,000 in credit card and personal loan debt in 2016. https://t.co/AsU3a22wAb
RT @NewsHour: WATCH LIVE: We're in #Brussels as President Donald Trump meets with world leaders at this week's #NATOSummit. @Yamiche and @r…
RT @NewsHour: It's supposed to be a gathering of friends. But at times, today's #NATOSummit sounded anything but friendly. @Yamiche reports…
RT @moneyries: Darla Shine, the wife of new White House deputy chief of staff for communications Bill Shine, once hosted a radio show where…
RT @hardball: Tonight on #Hardball: Trump antagonized America's allies at the NATO summit in Brussels. @SenBlumenthal, @DMiliband, @DavidCo…
RT @seungminkim: Macron hits up the Brussels nightlife https://t.co/zlJRXOzqCN
This 👇🏾 as John Kelly watch continues. https://t.co/vNUosbBX0U
I’ll be on @NewsHour tonight with @ryanchilcote as we discuss our reporting at #NATO in Brussels with @JudyWoodruff. Tune in. https://t.co/OFxdwiCcPL
Important to note while President Trump is railing against NATO allies here in Brussels, both the U.S. House and Senate--which are controlled by REPUBLICANS--have passed non-binding statements expressing support for NATO.
ICYMI: 		After railing about countries upping defense spending to 2% of GDP, President Trump at NATO suggested that countries increase that to 4% of GDP.		WH Press Sec. Sarah Sanders notes that President Trump raised this same issue when he was at NATO last year.
Trump has now come full circle on Germany.		Trump this morning: "Germany is totally controlled by Russia."		Later in front of Merkel: We have a tremendous relationship w/ Germany		Later tweets: What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? https://t.co/Hn1ioayzFU
RT @mitchellreports: .@Yamiche: We should expect this from President Trump, because this was what we got from candidate Trump. #AMR
RT @SylvanSolloway: @Yamiche is on @MSNBC now from @NATO summit. Said people are saying Trump entered “like a wrecking ball” with comments…
RT @mitchellreports: Can't wait! @PhilipRucker @Yamiche #AMR https://t.co/CXiQC0tkdQ
I’ll be talking to @mitchellreports in a few minutes from @NATO in Brussels, Belgium alongside @PhilipRucker. Tune in to hear our discussion. https://t.co/aNC49qve2Z
The president of Lithuania, Dalia Grybauskaitė, just said this about President Trump and the meeting of the North Atlantic Council: "He was very conciliatory. Around the table, everything was fine." Per @ryanchilcote.
President Trump now also playing nice with France.		As Trump met w/ French President Emmanuel Macron, he said this: "We have a tremendous relationship. We're discussing trade.  We're discussing NATO, and a lot of things. Hope in the end, it'll all work out."
RT @NewsHour: At NATO, Trump says Germany is ‘totally controlled by Russia.’ (via @Yamiche) https://t.co/8JSIaRL6rV
President Trump said he and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are discussing issues of military spending and trade. 		Merkel said that the two were discussing issues of migration and trade, and that Germany was “good partners” with the U.S.
Pres Trump now playing nice with Germany.		As Trump is meeting w/  Chancellor Angela Merkel, Trump says "We’re having a great meeting...We have a very, very good relationship with the chancellor.”  		Trump added that the United States has a “tremendous” relationship with Germany.
My latest dispatch from Brussels: At NATO, Trump says Germany is 'totally controlled by Russia' https://t.co/tovvJXqdnR
RT @ZekeJMiller: Mexico's incoming president to meet with Trump son-in-law   https://t.co/PIwqcGOLWE
NATO is about to get a whole lot more interesting: Sarah Sanders said she expects Presisent Trump to reiterate to Angela Merkel what he said this morning regarding Germany being beholden to Russia because of its dependence on Russia for natural gas.
Per pool: President Trump will have a pull-aside meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany on the summit sideline at 3:15 p.m. local time in Brussels, and with President Emmanuel Macron of France at 4 p.m. There will be no press coverage of either meeting.
Security at NATO headquarters is super tight with more than 29 world leaders in town. https://t.co/hEk4D54dDj
I’ll have more updates from NATO as I report from Brussels all this week. It’s going to interesting I’m sure...
Trump was again talking of defense spending. "Other presidents never did anything about it because I don’t think they understood or they just didn’t want to get involved. But I have to bring it up because I think it’s very unfair to our country, it’s very unfair to our taxpayer.”
Another remarkable moment at NATO today? 		NATO Sec Gen Stoltenberg said billions are poised to be added to NATO's defense budget, and Trump asked, “Why was that?” 		Stoltenberg responded: “It was also because of your leadership.”		“They won’t write that,” Trump said of media.
Pres Trump also said, “Germany is totally controlled by Russia" and added that he thought that was a "very bad thing for NATO."		Note: This comes as critics of Pres Trump have said for months that he is controlled by Russia and thinks too much about Mueller investigation.
More Trump quotes during breakfast attacking Germany: “We’re supposed to protect you against Russia but they’re paying billions of dollars to Russia and I think that’s very inappropriate.”
During breakfast w/ Sec Gen Stoltenberg, Trump sat, w/ U.S. ambassador to NATO Kay Bailey Hutchison to his right, and WH Chief of Staff John Kelly to her right. To Trump’s left were Sec of State Mike Pompeo, Defense Sec James Mattis  and National Security Advisor John Bolton.
Pres Trump after shaking hands with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg captured the mood of NATO saying, Stoltenberg likes him and then added, "He may be the only one, but that’s OK with me.”
President Trump came out swinging at NATO saying “Germany is captive to Russia” because of German companies’ plans for a Russian energy pipeline to supply energy called Nord Stream 2.
RT @axios: Democrats are crushing the GOP in party registration with nearly 12 million more registered Democrats than Republicans	https://t…
RT @axios: BMW joins the list of auto companies moving production overseas due to Trump's tariffs	https://t.co/5jspjSehXc
Just landed in Brussels where I’ll be covering NATO this week. Several sources say US allies are cautiously wondering if President Trump will have conflicts similar to his G7 experience.
RT @NewsHour: Who is Brett Kavanaugh, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee? https://t.co/hJogHPBzIh
@ANewman_forward I’m with PBS NewsHour and covering NATO. May I have your email address?
Rudy Giuliani tells me it is "less likely but not impossible" that President Trump will talk with Mueller.		My Q: What do you want from Mueller?		RG: "Have they uncovered anything that creates the basis for sinking the president and (showing) that he concluded with the Russians?"
Giuliani says he wants to see evidence that Mueller has that gets at collusion. "Something that somebody has said they he made a deal with the Russians. Or someone overheard it. Because we don't know of anything like it."
My Q: What would it take for President Trump to sit down with Mueller?		Rudy Giuliani: "We would have to be satisfied that there was some kind of a basis for this investigation and that they weren't just fishing."
Giuliani on Trump's Supreme Court thinking: “He felt really good about the Gorsuch pick and he’s trying to replicate that ... Someone who was as easy to confirm as he was. As well respected as he was ... It was hard to oppose him on qualifications and merit."
NEW: Rudy Giuliani tells me Pres Trump "is being very close to the vest about" his Supreme Court pick. Giuliani added: "I believe he’s already made a pick...He wants to keep it a secret and he wants to surprise everybody. He's a great showman so that's going to be part of it."
RT @MattRiversCNN: Operations to remove the boys and their coach from the cave in northern Thailand have completed for the day, a source te…
Going to be a very interested NATO given the president's rhetoric. 		Three big things on the US's agenda per senior state dept official: Burden sharing and defense spending, NATO's defense posture and NATO's stance on terrorism.		I'm heading to Brussels today to cover it. https://t.co/gNOposC7Xx
RT @Josh_Barrage: About 900 DACA recipients are currently serving in the military or have signed contracts to serve, according to the Penta…
RT @NewsHour: "My whole life is just in limbo, and it's just kind of you're on an island by yourself waiting while the rest of the world is…
Amid troop shortages, immigrants are being quietly discharged from the U.S. Army		Hundreds of DACA recruits are sitting in limbo as they wait to get sent off to boot camp		I traveled to Salina, Kan. to tell the story of one DACA recipient who has been waiting 3 yrs to ship off https://t.co/z2UExP9BDh
RT @Fahrenthold: .@realdonaldtrump’s club says it can’t find Americans in Florida with the skills and desire to be waiters. https://t.co/wK…
RT @HeidiPrzybyla: The murder of journalists in Annapolis — because they were journalists — was exactly one week ago. https://t.co/6zvXvzUs…
President Trump: "Together we are taking back our country and returning the power to the people."		Montana crowd is loving this speech, chanting "USA. USA. USA"
President Trump just made fun of the #MeToo movement at a rally in  Montana on the same day that he hired Bill Shine who is accused of helping cover up sexual harassment scandals at Fox News network.
President Trump while mocking Sen Elizabeth Warren: “We’re in the MeToo generation so I have to be very gentle.”
President Trump Call’s Maxine Waters a “low IQ” person and points out that her fellow Democrats are distancing themselves from her.
President Trump just now: “Democrats want anarchy.”
RT @gelles: AP: US Army quietly discharging immigrant recruits   https://t.co/bGjMkLQd0y
RT @Fahrenthold: As @realDonaldTrump rails against immigrants crowding out US workers, his Mar-a-Lago Club seeks to hire...foreigners https…
RT @NewsHour: These are 3 ways rescuers could free youth soccer team from Thailand cave (via @NewsHourWorld) https://t.co/pt1x4o6fBU
RT @LisaDNews: NEW -  THE SMALLEST KIDS.		At last an answer.		HHS says about 100 children under the age of 5, in its custody right now, wer…
RT @LisaDNews: NEW: HHS new numbers on separated kids.		- !! Now: not more than 3000 kids who were separated from family are in HHS custody…
RT @LisaDNews: BREAKING: HHS says it will meet court order to reunite children w/ in 30 days (14 days if under 5 years old).		HHS says that…
Happy July 4th! An important read today and always: https://t.co/2G9fKhCbx8
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Poland carried out a sweeping purge of its Supreme Court, eroding the judiciary’s independence and escalating a…
ICE response to @NewsHour about family separations: "As is stated on the very top of the form, this form only applies to parents with a final order and who are part of a specific class action suit.  This form has absolutely nothing to do with those who have pending asylum claims”
RT @JohnJHarwood: Harvard's Alan Dershowitz says defending Trump has made him a discrimination victim: "I have experienced this firsthand o…
RT @NewsHour: A number of recent incidents in this country have highlighted how racial tension or bias can escalate. Those concerns have ta…
Here’s the full video of my conversation with @DerrickNAACP on #LivingWhileBlack: How does racial bias lead to unnecessary calls to police? https://t.co/bbd0nYjWEQ
Today I interviewed @NAACP President @DerrickNAACP about incidents where people call the cops on black people doing typical things like barbecuing, napping or selling bottled water as well as unjustified police killings. Watch our conversation on the @NewsHour. #LivingWhileBlack
RT @JudyWoodruff: "since the election of President Obama in 2008, we've seen a sharp increase" in incidents singling out black people for o…
Amazing reporting here 👇🏾 https://t.co/LIaEoemVLT
RT @LisaDNews: BREAKING - NEW: Child separations by DHS have ended.		HHS says for the first time, in email to me now, "we are not receiving…
RT @NewsHour: Discussions about affordable housing often focus on big, expensive cities. But what about in rural America — home to about on…
With @HHSGov refusing to tell reporters how many children separated by Pres Trump's zero tolerance policy, it's going to be even harder to track what happens to the 2,000+ kids who were separated when HHS last provided the numbers. Imagine that.
RT @nytimes: The clash between Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and her interior minister swelled into a full-blown political crisis lat…
RT @itscaitlinhd: That "dangerous journey" taken by so many migrant families has become an empty trope. No more. Travel with them through m…
HHS to @NewsHour last wk: "While we understand the interest in detailed breakdowns of this info, our mission has been and remains to provide every minor transferred to HHS, regardless of the circumstances, with quality and age-appropriate care and a speedy and safe release..." https://t.co/ua7G66VrH9
RT @emilysteel: What Men Say About #MeToo in Therapy   via @NYTimes https://t.co/mvsZjxmXS0
RT @axios: Michael Cohen on questions surrounding his payment to Stormy Daniels: "I want to answer. One day I will answer." https://t.co/HW…
In case you miss it, this is amazing reporting. https://t.co/e2eanfhEzj
RT @CNN: A 7-year-old was reunited with her mom after nearly 2 months in immigration detention. The mother's message to other mothers? If y…
Excited to be on @Morning_Joe this morning talking trade! Tune in now.
RT @nytimes: Immigrant families are being charged thousands of dollars in airfare to get children out of federally contracted migrant shelt…
RT @NewsHour: “All of the kids cried because they were told that their parents were going to be deported. They were all crying. All of them…
.@JudyWoodruff: Do you agree that press are enemy of American ppl?	Marc Short: “I certainly believe that the press has a responsibility to make sure they are covering things as accurately and fairly as they can. I think a free and fair press is essential to American democracy.”
RT @NewsHour: "The president has often referred to the press in this country as the enemy of the American people. Is he going to continue t…
RT @NewsHour: How one immigrant family is struggling to reunite after being separated at the United States' southern border. @Yamiche repor…
RT @mikewfritz: Tonight on @NewsHour the heart-wrenching choice undocumented relatives of separated children are having to make: become the…
.@JudyWoodruff: Is the president going to keep saying the press is the enemy of the people? Marc Short:  “I don’t know if he is going to continue to use those words.”
Marc Short tells @JudyWoodruff that the White House did not pressure Justice Kennedy to retire. (A well written NYT story detailed the campaign to pressure Kennedy to retire.)
NEW Marc Short to @JudyWoodruff just now: “The president doesn’t have a litmus test on Roe v Wade (for Supreme Court justices).”
RT @mattloff: "The executive order provides time for Congress to fix this," WH legislative affairs director @marcshort45 tells @NewsHour of…
@JudyWoodruf: Was it a mistake to separate families?  Marc Short: “The president believes right now the law ties our hands...We need Congress to act.”
Remember to watch @NewsHour NOW and learn about a teen separated from his father and an undocumented aunt risking being deported to support her nephew. https://t.co/Fy77xRnNEr
RT @axios: Kamala Harris, Cory Booker and Tim Scott — the only three black senators — have introduced legislation to make lynching a federa…
RT @maggieNYT: ‘Shaken’ Rosenstein Felt Used by White House in Comey Firing   via @NYTimes https://t.co/w3zdrEfjce
Some 900 unaccompanied immigrant kids were released to sponsors in Maryland between Ocr 2017 and April 2018. About 90% of the sponsors one immigrant resource worker has met are undocumented. Tonight on @NewsHour we explain what risks those sponsors face when they take in kids.
Also on NewsHour tonight: A new population of immigrants might be deported because they have stepped up to take care of children separated from their parents at the border. I talked to an undocumented aunt who is risking being set back to Honduras because she took in her nephew. https://t.co/EgvMXbyQGi
NEW on @NewsHour tonight: The story of a 17 y/o undocumented immigrant who was separated from his father more than a month ago and shuttled between windowless cells and federal shelters. This teen cried during the entire interview as he told me he just wants to see his dad again.
A MUST READ: Judges are setting unusually large bonds for detained immigrants including for parents who were separated from their kids, a shift that has delayed the parents’ release and family reunifications. @NewsHour's @DanielBush has the full story: https://t.co/Jvzm2VTlNf
RT @priskaneely: Black babies in the US are twice as likely to die before their first birthday as white babies. 		Since I learned this ugly…
RT @axios: A podcast host pretending he was Sen. Bob Menendez tried prank-calling the President — and it worked	https://t.co/zF49oxIjQH
RT @LisaDNews: Trump admin is wildly inaccurate here. Facts:		- 2017 deficit: $559 b. Which, true was, slightly less than 2016, BUT	- 2018…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump’s top economic adviser says deficit ‘is coming down rapidly,’ contradicting virtually all available data	 https://t.…
Incredible that there was no follow up question. https://t.co/hAhubihJHX
RT @nytimes: A former top ICE lawyer was sentenced to four years in prison for stealing the identities of seven people in immigration proce…
RT @nytimes: At least 19 ICE investigators are seeking to dissolve the agency, concerned that the Trump administration's crackdown on illeg…
RT @NewsHour: Five people were shot dead Thursday in what authorities described as a “targeted attack” at the #CapitalGazette newsroom. 		H…
At least 41 journalists have been killed this year, according to data from the Committee to Protect Journalists.  https://t.co/U5VoHwxJIn
From WH: President Donald J. Trump and President Vladimir Putin of the Russian Federation will meet on July 16, 2018, in Helsinki, Finland.  The two leaders will discuss relations between the United States and Russia and a range of national security issues.
Yessss. @JudyWoodruff is an amazing journalist. https://t.co/OXqvCYd94q
RT @nickmassella: Congratulations to @JudyWoodruff, named recipient of @AllWomenInMedia’s #TheGracies Lifetime Achievement Award, today in…
RT @NewsHour: "The most important thing to President Trump is that this next [Supreme Court] nominee be someone who's young, pro-life and v…
RT @NewsHour: Anthony Kennedy, who came to be known as a crucial "swing vote" during his 30 years on the Supreme Court, announced today tha…
NEW: Marc Short tells me the WH hopes Congress being in session this summer will mean that President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee can be voted on as soon as possible. “This is a reminder to voters about the importance and gravity of the decision they made,” Short said.
RT @hari: #thegracies Lifetime achievement award today for @JudyWoodruff by @AllWomeninMedia. She used the time to thank all the women (&amp; m…
Sad news. Joe Jackson, Domineering Father of a Musical Dynasty, Dies at 89  https://t.co/ux4nfWeh1w
RT @daveweigel: Note how she keeps rejecting the ask — to trash national Democrats — to describe what she did and how scalable it is. https…
RT @PhilipRucker: Bolton's meeting with Putin has begun. Follow @antontroian for live reports from Moscow. Bolton is flanked here by NSC of…
Dems need to think of this quote for a while: EMILY's List, the preeminent fundraising group for Dem women, did not back Ocasio-Cortez. “As a female progressive candidate of color, I mean, I didn’t even feel like I was welcome to EMILY’s List,” she said. https://t.co/GMl3mTpZqK
RT @nytimes: Kevin Moore, a black firefighter in Oakland, has had the following happen to him while on duty in recent weeks: Residents conf…
RT @nytpolitics: Who Is Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez? A Democratic Giant Slayer https://t.co/Pqz5YdAy4w
I’m looking forward to being on @Morning_Joe this morning from 6 am to 7 am. Tune in!
Republicans playing the Long game got this win. Supreme Court upholds President Trump's travel ban against majority-Muslim countries. The 5-4 ruling reverses a series of lower court decisions that had struck down the ban as Illegal or unconstitutional. https://t.co/MpkxaCyvub
RT @axios: The Dow plunged almost 500 points Monday on news of Trump's plans to crack down on Chinese investment in U.S. tech companies. ht…
Sarah Sanders, when asked what happens to detained families after the 20 day limit for kids in detention, said she hoped Congress would pass a law by then. So, this is about to get a lot more complicated folks.
"The president would like to see more expedited removal," Sarah Sanders says.
Sarah Sanders doubles down on President Trump calling for no due process. "Just because you don't see a judge doesn't mean you aren't receiving due process."
Sarah Sanders starts this briefing immediately talking about being kicked out of the Red Hen. "The calls for harassment ... are unacceptable."
RT @nytpolitics: The dairy industry now faces substantial tariffs on products it exports as Mexico, Canada and other countries retaliate ag…
RT @EnnisNYT: Dean Baquet on why the NYT does not always use the word "lie" when President Trump says something false https://t.co/3USo9Khl…
President Trump: The immigrants laws of the United States are "horrible." He added he wants "strong borders" and "no crime."
President Trump, after having to backtrack and sign an executive order stopping his separation policy, is now saying it was "something we needed to do."		He also called it a "great" executive order. "I wanted to sign it."
President Trump is falsely claiming that the media used photos from President Obama's administration during the reporting of separated families. In fact, many outlets used photos and video PROVIDED BY THE GOVERNMENT of shelters and detention centers.
Some perspective: 		DHS said this weekend that as of June 20, HHS has 2,053 separated minors being cared for in HHS funded facilities. 		Stats: 		17% of minors in HHS funded facilities are there bc of Trump policy  		83% came to U.S. unaccompanied
One group working to reunite families tells me that they fear kids from Mexico could be deported more quickly than their parents &amp; ppl from other countries because of an agreement between US &amp; Mexico that allows faster processing. Imagine, a kid being sent back w/o their parent.
It's been 5 days since Pres Trump signed an executive order and so far advocates tell me the government doesn't have a systematic way of reuniting families. To keep track, some kids and their parents were photographed together. In other cases, they were given matching numbers.
RT @CNNValencia: As of this morning— there are still at least 2,053 children in HHS custody still affected by @realDonaldTrump’s zero toler…
RT @nytimes: Harley-Davidson will shift some U.S. production abroad to avoid European Union tariffs imposed in retaliation to President Tru…
RT @maggieNYT: Subtext to Trump delay on commenting on Red Hen incident - he has started to view Sanders as diminished  https://t.co/ArjDDg…
RT @NewsHour: AP fact check: President Trump’s mixed signals on immigration, North Korea https://t.co/hlZWghmmpO
RT @kylegriffin1: Yahoo News has identified 5 companies making millions off of Trump's child separation policies—including two that have no…
Long, blessed day talking about civil rights and everyday ppl’s lives. This week reminded me that being a White House reporter has to mean being willing to talk about race, culture wars, and the facts and myths of immigration.
RT @11thHour: Tonight: @FrancoOrdonez @ktbenner @Yamiche @Mimirocah1 @joshgerstein @ToluseO and more! #11MSNBC https://t.co/WlywXPxvpL
RT @nytpolitics: Children who crossed the border alone or who were separated from their parents are being held in approximately 100 facilit…
I’ll be talking about #FamilySeparation and President Trump’s stance on immigration tonight on @MSNBC’s @11thHour. Tune in!
RT @NewsHour: "There's really no clear cut way that these families will be reunited," said @Yamiche in our coverage of fallout from the #fa…
RT @hardball: "The problem is that the President doesn't believe that the immigration bill will pass the Senate." @Yamiche on the House Imm…
RT @hardball: "There are a lot of Americans who agree with the President's stance, the original stance of putting these kids in detention c…
The WH source also said if both immigration bills in the House fail, the president would like to see a bill that deals specifically with the Flores settlement, the 1997 federal court decision that limits the government’s ability to keep children in immigration detention. https://t.co/oB1VrrBSpN
NEW: A White House source just told me that President Trump would STILL support/sign either of the immigration bills in the House right now. BUT, the president does not believe either will pass the Senate at this point because of the Republicans' slim majority.
Mother of young man killed by undocumented immigrant: "We weren't lucky enough to be separated for 5 or 10 days...It's permanent. We can never have them back on this earth."
After facing a tough week of criticism over fam separations, Pres Trump is now talking to fams whose loved ones were killed by undocumented immigrants. Trump starts by saying these fams are "permanently separated" bc of immigrants. "These are the families the media ignores."
RT @WRALLena: The chaotic effort to reunite immigrant parents with their separated kids https://t.co/qfcnXzavUF ...this is the most importa…
RT @nytimes: "I feel like I'm going to die. I feel powerless." A woman from Guatemala said she had not seen her 8-year-old daughter since t…
Early start today! Happy to be joining @Morning_Joe to talk about family separation and my latest reporting on Trump supporters in Minnesota. https://t.co/gAfOlKvEc5
@Eisentower30 Thanks for the tweet and for watching the doc!
First Lady Melania Trump is visiting a shelter where immigrant children are held today. https://t.co/PKWxme61bf
RT @nhannahjones: I worked two jobs until I was 30 years old, with a master’s degree. Newspaperwoman by day, mattress saleswoman by night.…
President Trump is about 57 minutes into this rally and people have been standing and clapping for almost the entirety of his speech. This week did not move this crowd away in the least.
Trump: “We’re reopening NASA.”	Crowd chants back, “SPACE FORCE!”
RT @CarolLeonnig: Watch: The Trump administration changed its story on immigrant family separation no fewer than 14 times in one week.  htt…
Pres Trump: “By the way. Is there anything more fun than a Trump rally?”
President Trump bragging about his wealth and success: They always call the other side elite. Why are they the elite? I have a nicer apartment, I’m smarter, and I became president and they didn’t. And I represent the smartest, most loyal people.
RT @AaronBlake: Trump again says FDR served 16 years. He served a shade over 12.
RT @rebeccagberg: New: RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel and Labor Secretary Alex Acosta have pulled out of planned speeches to the National As…
Huge cheers for this Trump line: “We don’t want stupid trade like we had for so long.”
President Trump glossed over his executive order here and has launched into a long talk about how illegal immigration is hurting Americans and the American economy.
Twice now President Trump has falsely claimed that he has started construction of the wall on the southern border. “That wall is happening,” he said. Fact Check: The wall has not started being built. There have been some enforcement of fencing of existing barriers.
RT @NewsHour: Read Trump’s full executive order on #FamilySeparation (via @ericarhendry) https://t.co/VdJxqmnYX8
As this protester was led out of the rally President Trump said, “Is that a man or a woman?  Because he needs a haircut...I couldn’t tell.” https://t.co/cwxHJ4L8Ee
President Trump: “We are going to keep families together but the border is going to be just as tough as it’s been....Democrats put illegal immigrants before they put American citizens.”
Trump in Minnesota serving red meat to a warmed up base: “Most importantly of all, America is respected again...I think we are now at the most successful level the country has ever seen.”
President Trump on North Korea just now: “It was very close to war...and there will be denuclearization.”
President Trump said some 200 remains of American service members who perhished in North Korea have already been returned to the US. 		“I got along with Kim Jong-un and that’s a good thing,” Trump said.
As President Trump mentions North Korea, the crowd goes wild.		Note: Both Democrats and Republicans in this lakeside city told me over the last two days that they liked that Trump met with a Kim Jong-un. So that’s bipartisan support for a president who usually doesn’t get that.
President Trump just now: “We are going to win, win, win!...We are going to keep winning, winning, winning.”
This week might have been the biggest test of loyalty yet for President Trump’s supporters and judging by this cheering crowd, his base is sticking even more closely to him. Almost all the seats here are filled and there are still people waiting outside who wanted to get in.
RT @NewsHour: .@Yamiche reports from Duluth, MN on the mood following Trump's decision to reverse his enforcement of separating families at…
RT @NewsHour: "President Trump...has been able to navigate scandal after scandal, but today he and Republicans learned that their limit was…
Since landing here in Duluth, the president has already blamed Mexico for his having to sign an executive order intended to halt the separation of immigrant families.
President Trump’s rally in Duluth, Minn just started. This is the president’s first rally in a state he didn’t win in the 2016 election. He narrowly lost this state and in November, voters here will cast ballots in key House races, two senate seats, and the governor’s seat.
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Despite President Trump's retreat on family separation, 2,300 children already taken from their parents will no…
Update. Found Randy again and he is now happy the president has signed an order intended to stop separating immigrant families. “He loves kids. He didn’t want to do it,” Randy said of the president. A total change from yesterday. This is how the president keeps his base. https://t.co/DyNuQ7YHE4
Q’s that remain after this executive order: What will happen to the more than 2,000 kids who have already been separated from their parents? Where will these families be held now that the govt has built tent cities? Will journos be allowed to see living quarters of these fams?
For some 3 yrs now, ppl have been asking if there was anything Pres Trump could do that would really, really cross the line. Today we and the president learned that putting kids in cages and separating thousands of immigrant  families  was a step too far for even his own party.
Marci, a mother, grandmother and Trump supporter, said she’s happy President Trump ended his policy of separating families. It’s good that he can admit when he’s wrong, she told me. Most supporters I’ve talked to in Duluth, Minn. agree with her stance. https://t.co/8Pb0By9CeH
RT @kylegriffin1: New legal filings reportedly show that immigrant children in U.S. custody are being subdued with powerful psychiatric dru…
President Trump moments ago on keeping his hardline immigration stance: “You'll have millions of people flowing up and just overtaking the country and we're not letting that happen. So we have to be very strong on the border but at the same time we want to be very compassionate.” https://t.co/68CherjFZV
Pres Trump is bowing to pressure by signing an exec order to keep immigrant fams together. Yet, he’s clear his goals remain same, saying, “We want to keep families together; at the same time we have to be strong on the border. Otherwise you'll have millions of people coming up.”
RT @ZekeJMiller: WASHINGTON (AP) -- AP Sources: Homeland Security secretary drafting order to end family separation at border; unclear if T…
Pope Francis criticizes Trump’s family-separation policy: "I believe that you cannot reject people who arrive. You have to receive them, help them, look after them...Populism does not resolve things. What resolves things is acceptance, study, prudence." https://t.co/7Rj8ZU5gCR
"It’s the Democrats fault...But I am working on something" https://t.co/m043vhbdiW
RT @kylegriffin1: Separating migrant kids from their parents in tent cities will cost the administration more than keeping them with their…
RT @kasie: “Children who are being separated from their parents at the border are now being transported to Michigan for temporary...placeme…
An important read this morning: After A White Cop Shot A Black Man, He Sued The City For Racial Discrimination And Got A Settlement. https://t.co/ohcSZWeR1X
RT @kylegriffin1: A campaign to help reunite immigrant families separated at the border has raised more than $5,000,000 on Facebook, in wha…
RT @nytimes: Protesters Confront Kirstjen Nielsen at Mexican Restaurant: ‘Shame!‘ https://t.co/tfvqJZubDw
RT @axios: Dem strategist Zac Petkanas: “I read today about a 10-year-old girl with Down Syndrome who was taken from her mother and put in…
RT @maggieNYT: Trump is lying, obfuscating and inventing his own version of reality more frequently - a period that began post-Cohen raid b…
RT @maggieNYT: What Trump said about @IvankaTrump in the Hill meeting - that she came to him and said "Daddy, what are we doing about this?…
RT @kasie: President Trump to House GOP: “We gotta take care of separation. It's too nasty." 🤔
RT @kylegriffin1: New report suggests that Michael Cohen has signaled to friends that he's "willing to give" investigators information on T…
I’m in Duluth, Minn. talking to people ahead of the president’s rally here tomorrow. Randy here supports the president’s policy of separating families. Note: He isn’t rare. Republican voters support the policy 55 to 35 percent, according to a recent Quinnipiac University poll. https://t.co/VYwxCR1PhB
RT @axios: Angela Merkel bites back at Trump: Released crime statistics "speak for themselves" https://t.co/xtkI3ODMLz
RT @kylegriffin1: Migrant parents separated from their children at the border are sometimes unable to relocate their child and remain perma…
RT @HeidiPrzybyla: NEW from @NBC:	Pompeo cancels Senate briefing on North Korea deal.	Congress has A LOT of questions and high expectations…
President Trump isn’t just digging in on immigration. He’s being fully himself. Before there was the influence of Stephen Miller and Steve Bannon, there was Trump talking about his plans for Mexicans and immigrants on the very first day of his campaign. Not complicated, folks.
RT @nytpolitics: National Guard troops in five states will not deploy to the southern border, the states’ governors announced this week, ov…
RT @NewsHour: WATCH: Trump says he wants ‘third option’ on immigration. https://t.co/lwtyf6zjep
RT @WPJohnWagner: Donald Trump Jr. cancels fundraiser for George P. Bush over family tensions, via @PhilipRucker https://t.co/ACNLuQP0Zg
RT @MindyMarques: Nelson, Wasserman Schultz blocked from entering immigrant children shelter in Homestead https://t.co/HHHOweM6QJ
RT @PhilipRucker: The National Federation of Independent Business logo/brand is behind Trump as he speaks at length about immigrants, rails…
DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen:		"DHS is not separating families seeking asylum...They have not committed a crime by coming to the port of entry." 		"Here is the bottomline, DHS is no longer ignoring the law....DHS will not look the other way."
DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen is defending the policy of separating children from their parents by saying kids are treated well in custody and that is "not true" that people are being treated inhumanely.
RT @ProPublica: New: ProPublica has obtained audio from inside a U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility, in which children can be hear…
RT @kylegriffin1: Kamala Harris: Kirstjen Nielsen should resign. https://t.co/rgJ5a4IYEW
RT @thehill: JUST IN: UN chief calls for Trump to end separation policy: "Children must not be traumatized" https://t.co/HuwfTK0nvd https:/…
RT @HeidiPrzybyla: New Quinnipiac poll: 	U.S. voters OPPOSE separating kids from parents 66% to 27. BUT Republican voters SUPPORT the polic…
@Rachelia72 I think her statement both said she didn’t like the policy while also backing her husband’s point of view. She rarely speaks about policy so it’s notable that she said anything at all.
Per pool, POTUS added, “A county without borders is not a country at all.” People coming into the country are bringing “death and destruction, POTUS said.		“They are thieves and murderers and so much else,” POTUS said, eliciting applause from the audience in East Room of WH. https://t.co/LtHMzpWbuQ
President Trump just now: “The United States will not be a migrant camp and it will not be a refugee holding facility.”
CNN got their hands on docs that show the Trump admin thought family separations would deter immigrants. They haven't.  Instead, publicly released data showed a roughly 5% uptick in the number of people caught crossing the border illegally. https://t.co/cIVTnn1TA9
RT @kylegriffin1: Nielsen, May 10: "If you are single adult, if you are part of a family, if you are pregnant, if you have any other condit…
Another Republican speaking out on President Trump's policy of separating immigrant families. https://t.co/SbAwGaMtSv
RT @kenvogel: WHERE IS TRUMP COMMS TEAM? Inside the WH, almost no one was available to comment on critical developments in MUELLER case &amp; i…
RT @maggieNYT: Nielsen’s line about “generosity being abused” relates directly to asylum seekers, some of whom, per advocates, are being de…
RT @kylegriffin1: Fact Check: The German crime rate just hit its lowest level since 1992.	https://t.co/v9RMJBcSKB https://t.co/s6yEMPRe8D
The president is defending his immigration policy by saying he doesn’t want immigrants to change American cultural. Fact check: America was founded by immigrants and already has a deep cultural of immigrants as part of our fabric. https://t.co/gITYJLGiyf
The president is asking for Dem votes to fix immigration. Reminder: Republicans hold the White House and have control of both the Senate and the House of Representatives. And Pres Trump created the zero tolerance policy separating immigrant kids and parents. https://t.co/3FDexvE2Rd
RT @GarrettHaake: Reminder: earlier this year a compromise immigration bill got 54 votes, mostly Democrats, and would have gotten more/mayb…
@BrianOstar @Elise_Jordan @RepJeffries @BillPascrell @Morning_Joe No. If you go to a recognized border crossing and seek asylum that’s legal. If someone tries to sneak in between border posts that’s not legal.
A story wrapping up the responses of Melania Trump, Hilary Clinton and Laura Bush. Three past first ladies who opposed the 'zero tolerance' immigration policy https://t.co/n5jXymG4aO via @usatoday
RT @PhilipRucker: AP describes what it’s like inside one of the cages detaining migrant children at the Texas border https://t.co/gPMChwdl9…
Incredible. US could be holding 30,000 border kids by August: Officials https://t.co/2Jmx5fByXa
RT @KasieDC: MUST WATCH:		@kasie: "How is this an American policy?"		@CoreyStewartVA: "The question, though, is really what is in the best…
. @RepJeffries &amp; @BillPascrell tell @Morning_Joe that they have met with immigrants who were LEGALLY trying to seek asylum in the United States who were separated from their kids. That’s an important distinction because those ppl aren’t breaking the law &amp; are having kids taken
RT @nytimes: The 25-year-old mother from Guatemala was separated from her son when she got to the U.S. border. She was told they would be s…
RT @nytpolitics: Representative Steve King retweeted a neo-Nazi this week, the latest of several racially charged remarks from the Iowa Rep…
RT @NewsHour: .@Yamiche walks through the president's comments today on the Hillary Clinton email probe as it relates to new information re…
Department of Homeland Security officials say 1,995 minors were separated from 1,940 adults from April 19 through May 31.
"Manafort was the head of the Mob" https://t.co/Nxj4bPGcAG
President Trump today blamed Democrats for family separations at the border. 		But Jeff Sessions is taking credit for the policy this morning saying, " We're going to restore rule of law in our immigration system. That's a commitment that we made. We are working at it steadily."
Dems will hold their convention from July 13-16 2020, earlier than usual out of anticipation of crowded &amp; contentious primary. They're considering 8 cities: Atlanta; Birmingham, Alabama; Denver; Houston; Miami Beach; Milwaukee; New York; &amp; San Francisco https://t.co/Fp8OuFptJ1
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: President Trump called James Comey's behavior "criminal" a day after a Justice Department report that made no a…
President Trump is not denying that he dictated the statement about Donald Trump Jr’s meeting with Russians. Instead, he’s saying that it was “just” a statement to The NYT and not a higher authority. Note: Talking to the media is talking to the American people.
President Trump just said Michael Cohen is no longer his lawyer and that he’s not worried that he will cooperate with authorities.
RT @kylegriffin1: Trump repeats the claim that he had "so many parents" of Korean War vets ask him during the campaign to help return the r…
RT @kylegriffin1: There it is. This is where it's always been heading.		EARHARDT: Mr. Giuliani, wanted to get your opinion about this IG re…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump on Kim: “He speaks and his people sit up for attention. I want my people to do the same”
RT @kylegriffin1: The Washington Post has created a database of non-incumbent female political candidates.		So far, there are 101 female ca…
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: The Trump administration will place tariffs on $50 billion in Chinese goods, threatening to turn a spat with Be…
RT @davidmackau: Reporter Brian Karem repeatedly asks Sarah Sanders about the Trump policy of separating undocumented children from their p…
RT @MeetThePress: Trump admin will house migrant kids in tents in Tornillo, Texas	https://t.co/ezqB1SzIqJ https://t.co/SqGhUKPzDR
RT @NBCNews: WATCH: During a tense exchange over immigration policy, White House Press Sec. Sanders tells CNN correspondent Jim Acosta that…
RT @SHO_Docs: Hear @Yamiche's perspective on journalism in #TheFourthEstate, now on #Showtime: https://t.co/zF2JdE3A2t https://t.co/uvnmxer…
When asked whether she thinks it is moral to separate children from their parents at the border, Sarah Sanders refused to answer. 		When asked whether she as a parent has empathy for children separated from their parents, Sarah Sanders refused to answer.		Powerful day the WH.
Sarah Sanders is repeating over and over again that it's the law to separate immigrant children and from their parents. 		Fact check: It's not the law. The Trump administration is making the decision to do this and does not have to do it.
RT @kasie: Infant ripped from mother's arms while she was breastfeeding the baby at border detention center; mother handcuffed for resistin…
If you haven't seen #TheFourthEstate, please check it out. 		This is also a pretty cool tease of an episode I'm in a long with my former colleagues.		👇🏾 https://t.co/UIDYaOslkk
“Larry Kudlow was discharged from Walter Reed National Military Medical Center earlier today. Doctors say Larry's recovery is going very well. The President and the Administration are happy Larry is back home and look forward to seeing him back to work soon,” said Sarah Sanders.
RT @kylegriffin1: Michael Cohen's attorneys have reportedly left his case. Cohen is likely to cooperate with federal prosecutors, sources t…
@IAmSophiaNelson @TownofLeesburg This makes me so happy! :)
Some is preaching on Tuesday. Amen. https://t.co/73UlgCPCl6
Here’s the Joint Statement of President Donald J. Trump and Kim Jong Un at the Singapore Summit. https://t.co/eWUYN1LNTR
RT @jdawsey1: "Very dishonest and weak," Trump said of Trudeau Saturday. "We will have a terrific relationship," Trump says of Kim Jong Un…
RT @JDiamond1: N.Koreans were adamant summit optics portray US &amp; NK on level footing, per US official involved. "They wanted to make sure b…
Kim Jong-un was asked twice “Will you denuclearize?” &amp; did not answer. Third unanswered question was: “Mr. Kim, will you give up your nuclear weapons, sir?” He walked w/ Trump, ignoring the questions. This is the same avail where Trump said things were going excellently, per pool
Remarks by President Trump and Chairman Kim Jong Un of the State Affairs Commission of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea Before Bilateral Meeting, per pool https://t.co/ilMQcbWohy
WH on Larry Kudlow: “Earlier today...Larry Kudlow, experienced what his doctors say, was a very mild heart attack. Larry is currently in good condition Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and his doctors expect he will make a full and speedy recovery.“
RT @joshledermanAP: SINGAPORE (AP) — Trump says one-on-one meeting with Kim Jong Un was 'very, very good,' says they have an 'excellent rel…
Thanks to everyone who watched the Florida Freedom Forum Debate tonight. Had a great time co-moderating my first debate!
RT @Fahrenthold: ‘They just took them?’ Frantic parents separated from their kids fill courts on the border https://t.co/zLlh7mrntu
RT @NewsHour: The president's late arrival prompted Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to kick it off without waiting for “stragglers."…
RT @NewsHour: There's a chill in the air at the G-7 summit, but it's not from the weather in Quebec. https://t.co/DYpLcQTCE2
RT @axios: Dept. of Justice move threatens the hardest-fought, most significant parts of the ACA https://t.co/vQ4g5pUcNs
RT @NewsHour: There's a chill in the air tonight at #G7Charlevoix, but it's not from the weather. The industrial democracies have convened…
RT @NewsHour: "Despite President Trump wanting Russia back at the negotiating table, most of the members of the G7 today flatly rejected th…
ICYMI: Pres Trump was asked about pardoning OJ Simpson.		Pres Trump: "No, I’m not thinking about O.J.  But he’s not -- only you could say O.J.  But he was -- look, he was not very popular then.  He’s -- certainly, his memory is very popular now.  I’m thinking about Muhammad Ali."
RT @nytimes: What to do when a loved one is severely depressed https://t.co/3Qd32EdtdY
RT @NewsHour: Remembering #AnthonyBourdain - In 2016, Bourdain told the NewsHour, "I learned every important lesson that I ever really need…
RT @DougHeye: In case you’ve never seen it, here is the original Anthony Bourdain piece that started everything. https://t.co/WpVqWoJBk6
My heart is so heavy after hearing about the death of Anthony Bourdain. He was amazing and his insight and humanity will be missed.
RT @NewDay: The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 24/7. You can call at 1-800-273-8255. https://t.co/rYRP8XPB7W https://t.co/hFyGrUm7…
RT @USATODAY: How do you know when a loved one needs help? Suicide warning sign to look out for. https://t.co/jPRdUSBbIl
RT @seungminkim: Sent back to Mexico's violence, Des Moines student dies within weeks https://t.co/QQ8NshXgJB via @DMRegister
RT @JudyWoodruff: here is the essential tool for understanding the #Russia investigation: every event of importance is included - giant tha…
RT @AP_GMS: Last preps are underway before the G7 Summit begins tomorrow morning. @Yamiche is live from Quebec City for @NewsHour #Liveposi…
RT @NewsHour: Next week's U.S.-North Korea summit "might also hijack some of the conversations that [Canadian Prime Minister] Justin Trudea…
RT @NewsHour: Tomorrow, President Trump joins leaders of other wealthy nations at #G7Charlevoix. His recent moves on trade and tariffs have…
I'm in Quebec for the next few days covering the G7.		Based on this tweet and Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron saying they will be pushing President Trump, this should be interesting times. https://t.co/hK1kyFJkOu
RT @alexburnsNYT: In California’s Big 7 House races, none of the Dem general-election candidates will have held public office before.		We’r…
A must read. https://t.co/NIswcJCVxC
RT @ZekeJMiller: Giuliani says Mueller's team is trying to frame Trump   https://t.co/avkElKz8Rn
A WH source just confirmed to me that Kelly Sadler, the White House aide who joked about Sen. John McCain's health last month, no longer works in the Trump administration. The source wouldn't say why Sadler was let go and said she might go to another administration job later on.
RT @kaitlancollins: Kelly Sadler out, per @NoahGrayCNN  https://t.co/zkMWgTWiZN
RT @carinabergfeldt: A man takes a knee during Trump’s celebration. https://t.co/zghJSk2YOu
RT @ZekeJMiller: WASHINGTON (AP) — The federal school safety commission set up after the deadly shooting at a Florida high school will not…
RT @AshleyRParker: Scott. Pruitt. Used. His. Government. Position. To. Try. To. Score. His. Wife. A. Chick-Fil-A. Franchise. That is all. h…
RT @AprilDRyan: Breaking:  reporters are rewatching the event and found a heckler in the crowd started asking questions of @realDonaldTrump…
And LeBron has spoken: "No one wants an invite [to the White House] anyway." https://t.co/hwO04YOxg4
RT @seiufl: .@Yamiche from @NewsHour and @RadioLFH from @WLRN are joining together to co-moderate the first South Florida Governor’s Debate…
WH statement on Eagles is about:	1) Driving a wedge btwn fans &amp; football players since the event is now "a celebration of the American flag with Eagles fans" and players are accused of "abandoning" fans	2) An attempt to paint NFL as lacking "good faith" &amp; respect for Pres Trump
RT @axios: The family home of Parkland student David Hogg was "swatted" Tuesday morning, with the caller claiming a hostage situation was h…
RT @BrookeLorenz: NEW from @jameshohmann: David Koch is leaving Koch Industries, stepping down from Americans for Prosperity https://t.co/S…
RT @AsteadWesley: Important to note that in other sports, like baseball or NASCAR or the Olympics, Trump has welcomed champions without inc…
RT @AsteadWesley: It's like a Bachelor rose ceremony  for federal sentences https://t.co/Q5Zfh8Sqgp
RT @nhannahjones: One of the best things my daughter is learning from being in a high-poverty school: You are not owed anything. This child…
RT @nickmassella: Tonight on @ComedyCentral’s @TheOpposition - @pbs @newshour’s @Yamiche Alcindor joins @JordanKlepper to talk thru reporti…
How I spent my day. 		Check out Jordan Klepper's interview with me for @TheOpposition tonight at 11:30 p.m. on Comedy Central. https://t.co/dQGoOFz1AG
My note in Jordan Klepper's guest book. https://t.co/cirNDObLai
Incredible. The Eagles, who won the Super Bowl, are UNINVITED to the White House because the team was going to send a small delegation since many players don’t want to meet President Trump.
RT @axios: During his meeting with Kim Kardashian last week, Trump told her that she and Kanye West were helping his popularity with black…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump on call with supporters just now (marking 500 days in office): "We're all deplorables together"
RT @HallieJackson: The constitutionality of a special counsel did not seem to be in question when @POTUS called for one - repeatedly - to b…
RT @kaitlancollins: Of Rod Blagojevich, Judge Jeanine says there are "many who feel, and maybe even the president, that the guy was just ki…
RT @axios: The students of March for Our Lives, including survivors of the Parkland high school shooting, today will announce a 60-day, 20-…
President Trump says he hasn't read the letter from North Korea's Kim Jong-un  but he is essentially assuming that the letter is asking for the meeting to be back on...Interesting.
This was the Art of the Deal in play. Pres Trump wrote a letter cancelling summit because North Korea was being "radio silent" during negotiations. He then comes out &amp; says he's been moved by North Korea's letter essentially making claim that they came calling bc they needed this
President Trump on whether the US will offer aid to North Korea: "I don't think the United States will have to spend...I don't see the United States spending a lot of money."
President Trump: "The big deal will be on June 12. It's a process. We are not going to go in and sign something on June 12." He adds that North Korea wants "denuclearization."
RT @ZekeJMiller: DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — Judge says he'll temporarily block most restrictive abortion law in the country from taking effect…
RT @NewsHour: Today, President Trump said he will pardon Dinesh D’Souza. He also said he is considering commuting the sentence of Rod Blago…
RT @timkmak: NEW: NPR has decide to publish the audio of Michael Cohen making legal threats against me while I was a Daily Beast reporter i…
President Trump on Rod Blagojich per pool: “18 yrs in jail for being stupid &amp; saying things that every other politician, you know that many other politicians say...What he did does not justify 18 yrs in a jail. And he’s a Democrat. ... But I thought that he was treated unfairly.”
RT @PhillyInquirer: Andrea Constand in first interview after Bill Cosby's conviction: 'I was crying out' | Inquirer https://t.co/akU6VSFk6i
RT @mattzap: This will surprise no one, but I'm told Dinesh D'Souza does not have a pending petition with the Office of the Pardon Attorney…
RT @AP: BREAKING: Trump administration says US to impose tariffs on steel, aluminum imports from Europe, Canada and Mexico.
Pres Trump told Lester Holt this about firing Comey: “And in fact when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said 'you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story, it's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won'." https://t.co/0kawROJsWG
RT @NewsHour: President Trump claimed last night that "we've passed the largest tax cuts and reform in American history ... larger than Ron…
RT @NewsHour: Rudy Giuliani says he has repeatedly counseled President Donald Trump against firing Attorney General Jeff Sessions https://t…
RT @hardball: "Everyone thinks they can be Donald Trump." @Yamiche on Roseanne's comments. #Hardball
My latest for @NewsHour: A fact check of President Trump. https://t.co/DXqlKszPnf
RT @MarshallCohen: Friends, please check out our new RUSSIA TRACKER. We are following all the witness interviews, subpoenas, criminal charg…
RT @hari: A gay Texas teacher is on leave after she showed students a photo of her wife. She has few legal protections. |  https://t.co/6nN…
Didn't get called on at the briefing AGAIN but my question: Why did Pres Trump feel the need to lie several times during his rally in Nashville yesterday? He could choose to talk about tax cuts and getting a Supreme Court justice but instead he lied about a number of issues.
Elementary school aged reporter asks Sarah Sanders what President Trump is doing to prevent school shootings. Sanders got teary eyed and said Trump is trying to prevent more school shootings but didn't provide any specific federal policy changes.
Sarah Sanders doubles down on demanding an apology for President Trump from ABC's Bob Iger for a number of things including the network hiring Keith Olbermann and Jemele Hill calling President Trump a racist.
Sarah Sanders suggests the North Korea - US summit is back ON.
A super important story. https://t.co/FVoBHJNytZ
RT @WPJohnWagner: Trump publicly praises Indiana Democrat he recently attacked as ‘Sleepin’ Joe’ w/ @WaPoSean https://t.co/T0FjA7Qyug
RT @Fahrenthold: You’re right! I hadn’t noticed that: in the lower image, the people selling @realDonaldTrump’s Chicago tower airbrushed ou…
My question after thinking about this: Why is it so hard for the president to denounce a racist tweet? He could easily say I support Roseanne’s show but her tweet was plain racist. Instead, he just can’t. https://t.co/Kazw8UVnPg
RT @leylasantiago: This is Natalio. He died in Puerto Rico when the machine he used to breath stopped working- lack of power. His daughter…
RT @nytimes: “Murdered” in his apartment one day, at a news conference the next: A Russian journalist says he faked his death in Ukraine in…
RT @HallieJackson: .@PressSec last night on Roseanne: "That’s not what the President is looking at. That’s not what he’s spending his time…
@JudyWoodruff @WLRN @RadioLFH @chucktodd Thanks so much Judy! I really appreciate the shout out! :)
RT @JudyWoodruff: Congrats again to @Yamiche co-moderating June 11 Florida governor Democratic primary debate &amp; CORRECTION: her co-moderato…
RT @gelles: WaPo: “The number of migrant children held in U.S. government custody without their parents has surged 21 percent in the past m…
RT @11thHour: BREAKING: @ValerieJarrett responds to Roseanne Barr's tweet. See more tonight at 9PM ET as @chrislhayes &amp; @JoyAnnReid host @M…
Read this thread about #WhereAreTheChildren by @itscaitlinhd. She's been on this story for months. https://t.co/54qe7dnLbu
Big News this morning. I’ll be co-moderating a debate with all four of the Democratic candidates for governor in Florida. Can’t wait to head to my home state for this on June 11! https://t.co/FzcbS7L2kl
RT @nytimes: President Trump accused Democrats of “rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea” and “coming to the defense of M…
RT @jaketapper: President Trump keeps saying there hasn’t been a military pay raise in 10 years. It isn’t true.  https://t.co/y8Bkih2FHo
RT @ZekeJMiller: Source: Trump administration has cut deal with China's ZTE   https://t.co/FMBAFoaS0O
RT @Fahrenthold: I was just going thru docs on @realDonaldTrump's Chicago bldg -- taking another crack at the mystery of Trump's odd $50M+…
RT @kenvogel: NEW: Democratic donors &amp; operatives are quietly getting behind Never Trump Republicans, including through a secret club calle…
RT @PhilipRucker: Incredible detail in this @NickMiroff &amp; @jdawsey1 piece on Trump’s eruptions at Kirstjen Nielsen and emotions over immigr…
RT @nhannahjones: No matter how you feel that we should be dealing with immigration in this country, when you can’t treat children with bas…
RT @kylegriffin1: NBA Commissioner Adam Silver: 'Do not stick to sports.' https://t.co/EBGO14pjpC
RT @NewsHour: When people feel they're being asked to do something by a police officer that isn't just, should they comply in that moment?…
President Trump gathered staff this morning and talked to a number of people including Mike Pence, John Kelly, John Bolton, and Mike Pompeo before dictating the letter to Kim Jong-un.
Senior WH Official: "The ball is in North Korea's court right now.”
Senior White House official just now on North Korea: “The president dictated every word of the letter himself.”
I asked same WH official if Pres Trump cancelled the summit now to make sure he did it before Kim Jong-un had a chance to cancel it.		That person's response: "This whole 'Oh we're going to go first in case Kim Jong Un called our bluff'…Nobody’s worried  about that." https://t.co/jVmQIAB0Tn
White House official on why Pres Trump cancelled the summit: "It’s just been a week of mixed signals and no response...We’re talking about de-nuclearizing the Korean peninsula. And he’s reminding everyone of his nuclear capabilities. But that’s the wrong message, wrong direction"
Rudy Giuliani just told me he had a long convo w/ Pres Trump today about Mueller probe. Giuliani said he has heard that FBI may have had 2 informants or FBI officials digging for info about Russia from Trump campaign. Adds that the president's lawyers would like to see DOJ docs.
RT @nytimes: A woman who was raped by an armed security guard when she was a teenager was awarded $1 billion in damages. Her lawyers believ…
RT @kylegriffin1: House Judiciary Democrats urge Trump to sit for an interview with Mueller: "Stop stalling, stop blaming the investigation…
RT @ZekeJMiller: BERLIN (AP) — The United Nations nuclear watchdog says Iran appears to be complying with a 2015 deal with major powers tha…
Just talked to a WH official who said President Trump for the past two days had been weighing cancelling the meeting because North Korean officials setting up the meeting had not been responsive to American counterparts trying to work out the details of the meeting.
In cancelling the Singapore summit, President Trump also sent a hint of threats to North Korea. This is a key line, "You talk about your nuclear capabilities, but ours are so massive and powerful that I pray to God they will never have to be used."
RT @JudyWoodruff: former Dir of National Intelligence James Clapper says he's personally concluded Russians not only influenced but DECIDED…
RT @johnrobertsFox: .@realDonaldTrump tells @foxandfriends @kilmeade he's happy about the NFL owners decision, but isn't happy that @NFL ga…
RT @mkraju: Rep. Joaquin Castro, a Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee, told me he approached Chairman Devin Nunes on the…
RT @kylegriffin1: Jeff Flake: “Our presidency has been debased by a figure who has a seemingly bottomless appetite for destruction and divi…
President Trump talking about MS-13: "It's almost like a war where you are getting rid of someone who is occupying your nation...It’s unthinkable that it's almost like an occupied territory."
RT @NewsHour: Hit reply and tell us your thoughts. https://t.co/l1mhCk6egb
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: President Trump’s practice of blocking Twitter users who criticize him violates the First Amendment, a federal…
To be clear, the NFL is publicly siding with President Trump by requiring players to now stand during the national anthem and stop protesting police brutality. The president has said players should stand because they are not being patriotic. Pres Trump has now gotten his way. https://t.co/eK2hoteG8e
RT @amyfiscus: NEW: Jared Kushner got his security clearance, per @mattapuzzo https://t.co/keAdoLoOsM
RT @JudyWoodruff: .@NFL issues statement requiring players to stand during national anthem, but allows them to remain off field if they cho…
Donald Trump on coining a new nickname for his pressure on the Justice Department: “A lot of bad things have happened. We’re calling it spygate.”
Donald Trump: “I’m doing a great service to this country...I did a great service to this country by firing James Comey.”
Both Democrats and Republicans that I have talked to feel like the US is not fully prepared to deal with what Russia might try in the midterms. But, Pompeo says the US won't "tolerate" inference. https://t.co/9T1cdAt7FL
RT @kylegriffin1: A company owned by Joel Zamel, that Israeli entrepreneur who attended the 2nd Trump Tower meeting in August ‘16, formed a…
RT @NewsHour: Congress has moved to dismantle some key rules for banks that were installed to prevent a replay of the 2008 financial crisis…
Yay! Love seeing Yeye shine! I know her mom (one of my best friends' sister) is sooo proud. https://t.co/Dzg0AjQpFl
RT @thehill: Staffers writing Trump tweets intentionally include grammatical errors: report https://t.co/IjPFsxsi9A https://t.co/P7BEf0Wkh9