RT @realDonaldTrump: The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always wi…
Mr. President of The United States of America Donald John Trump stay STRONG. GOD, JESUS, The HOLY GHOST and John Henry Ruminski Loves you and what you are trying to accomplish in this country. 1437
Humans think we are the smartest species, but in reality we are the dumbest because we are DESTROYING EVERYTHING. Live on the Earth not off of it.
I've been an analyst for over 36 years. The US does not want a friendship with Russia, this President did. The DEEP STATE would never allow this. WHY. Its all about money and power. Corporations make huge amounts of money on the war machine. We must have an enemy.
With ALL the attention on President Trump..... Have we forgotten about Hillary and all her wrongs, including pay to play....emails....etc the list goes on and on and on.... corrupt....with all this nonsense directed at this GREAT President , he still will MAGA. 100% Guaranteed !!
The only thing this President is GUILTY of is trying to do too much good too quickly. In the end it will all come out PERFECT. Just WATCH......Sincerely John Henry Ruminski. The Best President EVER &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;1437
Lets show some respect my fellow AMERICANS. We are talking about the President of this great country. The news needs to speak the truth. I have never seen any reports on the great things President Trump has done. Believe me he is 100% for this country doing great things.
The news outlets need to report the news. Instead they seem to report what they are told by their owners. For example The Washington Post owned by Amazon owner Jeff Bezos has direct influence on what is reported. This newspaper never says anything good about President Trump. WHY
@Craigmyle_Lor @MonicaS07386805 I love the little dog on the table.... so cute !!!! Luv luv luv it !!!!!
@FoxNews @HannahS36304879 Awesome !!!! Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!
RT @FoxNews: When a Washington police officer saw an American flag dangling from the side of a home, he went out of his way to roll it up a…
Do the Democrats want the Mexican border open so any person from any country can just walk into the USA ? So any person with money or no money at all can walk into this country and go wherever they want and do whatever they want.  I say no way and the majority says no way. Wakeup
The whole TRUMP family are such Classy people. I read today the First Lady made a surprise visit to the hospital to visit our wounded soldiers...I wish them all nothing but the best in life... one last thing keep up the great work running this country. Finally a TRUE President.
RT @RuminskiJohn: $85 million taxpayer funded 'luxury hotel' in Kabul never completed. Mr. President please never ever let these types of p…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Many years ago no country or person would dare hold an American citizen against there will. That last 3-4 decades that ch…
The days of illegal immigrants from any country entering the USA unlawfully are OVER. Fill out the right paperwork and do it right. No more of just sneaking into this country. Our true President has begun to put a stop to this. I new this President was going to be Awesome. JHR143
$85 million taxpayer funded 'luxury hotel' in Kabul never completed. Mr. President please never ever let these types of projects happen again without your approval. Sincerely, John Henry Ruminski  !!!! https://t.co/xVNWcq98rI
RT @Gringz: @ThorntonRvr @JoeTornabene1 @MZHemingway Actually they didn't investigate anything, just wrote articles with information leaked…
Many years ago no country or person would dare hold an American citizen against there will. That last 3-4 decades that changed. Now with a REAL American President for the people elected by the people no country will dare to hold Americans again, without severe consequences by DJT
If anyone wonders why I put the number 43 in some of my tweets it's because that is my favorite number. I grew up on 43 Pennsylvania Avenue in Portland, Maine. I had a go-cart with that number and so on etc.... just letting ya'll know lol. Anyway have a wonderful day today. JHR43
Hillary Clinton said "Crisis in our democracy". She should speak the TRUTH and say that President Trump is Making America GREAT Again one day at a time sweet JESUS ! This president is a man of action and I love ❤️ it. This country has the finest and classiest President ever. 43
RT @RuminskiJohn: Is right for this country to concentrate taxpayers dollars on things that would benefit this country. Not only would thes…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Dear Mr. President, I would kindly request that the USA orders a fleet of fire fighting planes with a order of no less th…
Is right for this country to concentrate taxpayers dollars on things that would benefit this country. Not only would these planes ✈️ quickly extinguish forest fires and save lives and property. This order of planes would put Americans to work building them. Sincerely John. H.R
Dear Mr. President, I would kindly request that the USA orders a fleet of fire fighting planes with a order of no less then 100 planes.  These planes would be based in the middle of the country.  Anytime a large forest fire breaks out they could be called into action. The time
Hello World 🌎 !!! Look 👀 up GOD is watching his creation !!!! We are perfect little creatures. I just wish we wake up and stop destroying this beautiful planet. Let's live on this planet and not off of it.  43
@MKMMAbrittany No more flooding problems !!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: This is exactly what Israel 🇮🇱 is going through. This country has every right to protect its border and citizens. If they…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Imagine having a large fence around  your 2 acre house 🏡 lot.  Then there are thousands of people throwing stones,  fire…
This is exactly what Israel 🇮🇱 is going through. This country has every right to protect its border and citizens. If they did nothing the country would be overrun by terrorists. 1000 years of peace shall come very soon. My love for Israel and Jerusalem is Great 🇺🇸🇮🇱💯% ! 😇
Imagine having a large fence around  your 2 acre house 🏡 lot.  Then there are thousands of people throwing stones,  fire bombs, and some are even armed with guns. With the sole intention of killing you and your family. Would you protect your home and family. Of course you would.
@SusanWh26291752 Happy 😊 Birthday to you TODAY... I wish you a Wonderful Day.
I would kindly ask the news organizations that bash President Trump daily on any and all things he does, to please tell me and the great American citizens what this President needs to do to get praised. Or are these news sites on a mission to destroy a TRUE American President.
@ChinaDailyUSA This man from my understanding was somewhat healthy. His job at college was ended or something like that. What a great, great life to be ended in this TERRIBLE way... just a complete waste of knowledge. Brillian man. Enough said !!!! Ugggg
@ChinaDailyUSA Im sure if a few people became  more involved in his life he would have chose to live until GOD was ready for him. Like giving him a scientific project to accomplish. This man had so much knowledge and experience. I wish they made a documentary about his experiences. Just SAD !!!
Good morning America !!!!   Time to rise and shower, get some fruit, breakfast of your choosing and maybe a delicious coffee and get this days show on the road.... may you all have a very safe, happy and blessed  day from GOD. Love John Henry Ruminski 43
RT @RuminskiJohn: Question for intelligent people ONLY ! Most people get the answer wrong. Ok here we go. If I have $43 dollars and I give…
Question for intelligent people ONLY ! Most people get the answer wrong. Ok here we go. If I have $43 dollars and I give you $26 dollars. How much do we have ?
Dear President Donald John Trump.  I kindly ask that you change your twitter profile name to President of the U.S.A  Donald John Trump. It appears that you are using just your name. Being the leader of this country, the world should address you as Mr. President of the USA. 🇺🇸
Why are some tweets 5 seconds ago, then the next tweet is like 7 minutes ago then after that tweet it says 1 day ago and then after that one it says 3 seconds.... what is going on ????
I will tell all who will listen. I don't care who President Trump had sex with 10,20 or 30 years ago. I only care how he is running this awesome country. Right now he is doing a superb JOB ! A+++. He has put AMERICA and AMERICANS 1st.  God Bless DJT. Very classy Family also ! 😇
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
Prayer: April 30, 2018 Unplug my ears, O Lord, and let me hear the wisdom of those who care for me. Destroy my foolish pride, and lead me to paths of good sense and smart choices. Keep me from hurting myself and others. AMEN 🙏 !!!
Prayer: April 29, 2018         Not that I would seek the acceptance of men and women, FATHER, but please allow that I might be loved in this life, and after it is done. Bless my life, and make it a testament to your Glory. AMEN 🙏!!!!
April 25, 2018 Prayer: Keep my sight on you, O Lord. Clear my vision so that your light is the only thing shining in my eyes. Protect me from the diversions and decoys which can lead me into ruin. AMEN. I love you God, Jesus and the Holy Ghost !!!!!
@agelinarose123 There are so many unfaithful humans out there. They marry and divorce in 3 to 4 months. Vows are meant to be followed through with... you will find the right person !!! They always seem to arrive when you least expect them... God Bless Hun ...
RT @RuminskiJohn: Prayer for Sunday April 22, 2018.  Often pride gets in the way of my maturing spiritually, O Lord. Help me to receive cri…
RT @RuminskiJohn: As for the news, I watch every day to see how each news channel spreads the news of the day. Sinclair Broadcasting and Da…
RT @RuminskiJohn: All Americans notice how the media bashes President Trump on anything he does. WHY ?  Our President has thick skin, but I…
RT @RuminskiJohn: I think President Trump has done so much GOOD 😊 for this country in such a short period of time. He is definitely a Presi…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Do you believe in ghosts, do you believe in spirits, do you believe in the Holy Ghost. If you don't, you should. That's a…
RT @RuminskiJohn: A new day calls for a new prayer. Pray everyday before bed. It's great for your health. When your sincere in your prayer,…
Prayer for Sunday April 22, 2018.  Often pride gets in the way of my maturing spiritually, O Lord. Help me to receive criticism with grace, and to work always to improve myself. Soften my heart ❤️ to the comments of others, and let me deal with others in love and care. AMEN !!!
As for the news, I watch every day to see how each news channel spreads the news of the day. Sinclair Broadcasting and David Smith say it as it is. So in closing. President Donald John Trump I know you love ❤️ this country and want only the best for ALL AMERICANS. God Bless DJT
All Americans notice how the media bashes President Trump on anything he does. WHY ?  Our President has thick skin, but I'm sure it bothers him as it would anyone. So I ask the Media to tell the truth or they will see their news sites be gone forever. Americans are not blind.
I think President Trump has done so much GOOD 😊 for this country in such a short period of time. He is definitely a President of action. Instead of all talk no action. I'm really looking forward to the next 7 years, with Trump as President of this AWESOME COUNTRY. GOD BLESS Him.
Prayer: O Lord of majesty and grace, you have indeed created a beautiful world for our comfort and joy. Thank you for sharing this great gift with me. Help me to appreciate it more fully, and to care for it with wisdom. AMEN.  I love ❤️ you GOD, JESUS and the HOLY GHOST ! 1437
This tweet is directed to our President of the U.S.A . Dear President Trump, please don't put anymore sanctions on Russia. Let's begin to normalize relations between the two countries.  If Russia and the U.S.A work together, what a WONDERFUL world 🌎 this would be. God Bless You.
RT @RuminskiJohn: @RusEmbUSA Russia is a beautiful country !!! With awesome people that live there. Why oh why does your government hang ou…
@RusEmbUSA Also imagine a world where we are all united and no weapons are needed again. Imagine how well built the worlds infrastructure would be.... everything would be awesome !!!!!!!! 1437 !!!!I am he 43 and soon the whole world 🌎 will see....LOVE...
@RusEmbUSA Russia is a beautiful country !!! With awesome people that live there. Why oh why does your government hang out with a government that kills its OWN citizens with chemical weapons !!! Russia should accept reality and join the civilized world 🌎 ! Sincerely John H. Ruminski 43
RT @Condorian2487: @yewkalaylee @1_Hoof_Hearted @realDonaldTrump Amen to that. They all hate us so let them fight their own battles.
RT @realDonaldTrump: We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIV…
Absolutely !!! https://t.co/of992BIEhK
The BEST is yet to come !!! https://t.co/tzOs1NQxW4
@HussainSajwani excellent businessman !!
@jcrsaltman @Olivianuzzi One last thing. David Smith has WORKED his entire life for everything he owns, unlike many people in this world 🌎.  Who gives a hoot if he said "dribble" or whatever. I think all the people with their nasty replies are plain JEALOUS 😒 !!!!!
@Olivianuzzi I have met David Smith and I must say everyone is entitled to their opinion. So here is mine,I have met David Smith many times. He is just a nice down to earth guy.
RT @RuminskiJohn: Major EARTHQUAKE California!!!!
@LazyyMillennial @SenTedCruz @BetoORourke She looks like a drug addict ! Let's show a little respect ! I wish the Senator had a sign that read, look 👀 at this thing next to me !!! Druggie
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	We Believe-	-in GOD the Father	We Believe-	-in Jesus Christ	We Believe-	-in the Holy Spirit and	He's given us New Li…
@LiverLipLouie 💯 % Correct, I couldn't say it any better...
RT @LiverLipLouie: Why would a Billionaire take a job where he is Criticized, Vilified, Hated &amp; Attacked every day of life &amp; do it for Free…
@MichaelAvenatti      Mike, who cares if your client "Stormy" slept with the President. What are you trying to gain here. Your client has slept with many people. Rumor has it that you have recently slept with her !!! Just saying.... who cares. It's human nature...
RT @realDonaldTrump: #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 https://t.co/DNzRZiKxhd
Hello world 🌎 !!!!
Prayer: February 19, 2018. You have devised such a wonderful plan for life, Almighty GOD. Lead me in wisdom so that I might come to understand it better, and remain true to all of your commandments. With your help I will be able to hold fast to your Word, and live. AMEN. 🌞🙏⭐️
RT @RuminskiJohn: Prayer: O Lord, guide me as I try to live a good and righteous life. Help me to both do good to those around me, and guar…
Prayer: O Lord, guide me as I try to live a good and righteous life. Help me to both do good to those around me, and guard me that I do no harm. I want so much to do what I should. With your help I will. AMEN 🙏!!! I love you God, Jesus and the Holy Ghost !!!!!!💯🇺🇸❤️🌏
When we clone things, a virus in that cloned "thing" will create a super virus. Humans must never be cloned or risk extinction !!!
The only way to beat a virus is to disable its ability to function.
RT @C_3MAGA: I am convinced:		Donald Trump was put on this Earth for this exact moment in time for this exact reason. No one else could wit…
Prayer: Father, often I feel as though my good behavior is ignored or forgotten. Forgive me for being prideful, and help me to know that you see me at both my best and worst, and LOVE ❤️ me all the time. AMEN 🙏 !!!!
A new day calls for a new prayer. Pray everyday before bed. It's great for your health. When your sincere in your prayer, GOD hears you. Believe me !!! Love ❤️ John Henry Ruminski !!!!
Give another hug to someone else.... love hugs lately!!!
Please give someone a hug today !!! It helps to brighten someone's day and it feels just so damn good... love ❤️ is the answer to any and ALL problems!!!! Sincerely, John Henry Ruminski !!
Through Christ, we have the promise of eternity in God's heavenly home. It is with this promise that we truly attain WISDOM ! Live with your heart ❤️ !!!
Thank you, O Lord, for giving me the chance to have eternal life. Through your love in the life, death and resurrection of your Son, Jesus Christ, I have come to know your glory. AMEN 🙏 !!!!
Do you believe in ghosts, do you believe in spirits, do you believe in the Holy Ghost. If you don't, you should. That's all I'll say about that !!!! God Bless every human on this great earth 🌏. Love ❤️ John Henry Ruminski !!
RT @RealJamesWoods: Check out these fraudulent blowhards.  Then remember #Trump fulfilled their decades of empty promises with ACTION. #Jer…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Prayer: January 28, 2018 10:47pm (EST) Dear Lord, teach me your love, your forgiveness, your mercy, and your truth. Make…
@PhRMA @bmsnews A cure is available TODAY ! As someone tweeted earlier there is no money in cures, only treating cancer. Shame on these companies. All will pay the price in the after life, believe me on this. The one who shows no mercy shall receive no mercy. "Vengeance is mine, sayeth the Lord"
Prayer: January 28, 2018 10:47pm (EST) Dear Lord, teach me your love, your forgiveness, your mercy, and your truth. Make Christ my one true hero, and let me follow his ways all the days of my life. AMEN 🙏!!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: For all who can help me travel to Jerusalem,will be rewarded by me at a later date. That is my WORD. GOD, JESUS and the H…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Today is the best day ever ............
RT @RuminskiJohn: Spread your love ❤️ within to others today !!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: Do no wrong today !
RT @RuminskiJohn: Soooo !!!! BEAUTIFUL!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: Go outside and look up !
RT @RuminskiJohn: God, Jesus and the Holy Ghost are always on my mind. I hope I never disappoint!!!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: Let your heart ❤️ guide you !!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: What is life ALL about?
RT @RuminskiJohn: The book of life is brief.
RT @RuminskiJohn: Yes I know how lonely life can be.
RT @RuminskiJohn: The story of life begins Today now. She fills my heart ❤️ with love....
RT @RuminskiJohn: Help me fly to Jerusalem. If anyone can contribute money to my trip. Please send anything you can afford to my address. J…
For all who can help me travel to Jerusalem,will be rewarded by me at a later date. That is my WORD. GOD, JESUS and the HOLY GHOST be my witness. I thank all who help me with any amount of money in advance. Plane ✈️ travel and one day accommodation needed. I pray to go there.
Today is the best day ever ............
Spread your love ❤️ within to others today !!!
Do no wrong today !
Soooo !!!! BEAUTIFUL!!
Go outside and look up !
God, Jesus and the Holy Ghost are always on my mind. I hope I never disappoint!!!!
Let your heart ❤️ guide you !!!
What is life ALL about?
The book of life is brief.
Yes I know how lonely life can be.
The story of life begins Today now. She fills my heart ❤️ with love....
Help me fly to Jerusalem. If anyone can contribute money to my trip. Please send anything you can afford to my address. John Henry Ruminski 360 Bridgton Road Westbrook, Maine 04092.  I would like to leave in 143 days.  Open the sealed door on the wall. Thank you. 🙂🐳🌼🌞🌛⭐️🏇
Prayer for January 26, 2018 1:15am (EST) Help me to be patient, and to turn from bitter feelings toward those who do wrong. Let me love them with your love, and help me to look at my own life to see that it is pleasing in your sight. AMEN...
Major EARTHQUAKE California!!!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: Prayer for today : January 25, 2018 Thursday 4:41pm (EST).   Thank you, Lord, that I am one of your prized possessions. K…
Prayer for today : January 25, 2018 Thursday 4:41pm (EST).   Thank you, Lord, that I am one of your prized possessions. Keep me ever in your care, and cover me with your divine love and affection. I praise you for your love and I will try to be a fond remembrance in your ❤️AMEN
Prayer for today. January 24, 2018 2:25am (EST) Wednesday. Guide my steps, O LORD, that I might always, in every way, be found pleasing in your sight. Grant me special insight that I might recognize your presence in my life. AMEN 🙏!!!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: Prayer for January 23, 2018 5:47 (EST) Thank you, Father, for extending your loving arms to me. If I should stray from yo…
Prayer for January 23, 2018 5:47 (EST) Thank you, Father, for extending your loving arms to me. If I should stray from your path, guide me back into your sight and care. I never want to be without YOU in my life. AMEN !!!
RT @RuminskiJohn: Prayer for today !!! January 22, 2018 Monday 6:44am (EST)        God, I think that I know what to believe, but new things…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Lastly!!! All civil suits filed by any illegal immigrant from any country shall be null and void. On the theory of they c…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Same applies to 18 and under. No juvenile criminal convictions or pending proceedings.
RT @RuminskiJohn: All illegal immigrants that are age 19 and up and are currently in college or secondary education can stay, as long as th…
RT @RuminskiJohn: All illegal immigrants 18 or under that came to the USA illegally with their parents or relatives can stay with a legal r…
RT @RuminskiJohn: All can reapply to         re-enter the USA 🇺🇸 after they have been deported. * With first priority given to their  re-en…
RT @RuminskiJohn: All illegal Immigrants that came to this country illegally must be arrrsted and deported immediately, with exceptions bel…
RT @RuminskiJohn: Proposal to end the United States Government shutdown immediately!!!
RT @WhiteHouse: "The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—…
Prayer for today !!! January 22, 2018 Monday 6:44am (EST)        God, I think that I know what to believe, but new things come up almost every day. Help me to sort out what is right and good to believe, and what is not. GRANT ME YOUR WISDOM. AMEN 🙏!!!
Lastly!!! All civil suits filed by any illegal immigrant from any country shall be null and void. On the theory of they came here illegally and had they not violated our laws they would not have been on the soil of the United States of America 🇺🇸!!! That's my thoughts period !
Same applies to 18 and under. No juvenile criminal convictions or pending proceedings.
All illegal immigrants that are age 19 and up and are currently in college or secondary education can stay, as long as they have no criminal convictions or pending criminal proceedings. If they do they must be deported immediately !
All illegal immigrants 18 or under that came to the USA illegally with their parents or relatives can stay with a legal relative that currently resides in the USA 🇺🇸.
All can reapply to         re-enter the USA 🇺🇸 after they have been deported. * With first priority given to their  re-entry.
All illegal Immigrants that came to this country illegally must be arrrsted and deported immediately, with exceptions below !
Proposal to end the United States Government shutdown immediately!!!
I have always felt that this country should take care of Americans first. If there is any money left over we can send to other countries. This is how most families operate. Take care of your family first and if there is any money left over you help others with that extra $$$ !!!
This is why I tell everyone that President Trump is for the American people. He has begun to reevaluate all foreign aid sent to every country to see what benefits the USA 🇺🇸 gets. This is Awesome. Praise this President my fellow Americans, we are truly lucky to have him.
When the USA began to send foreign aid money to certain countries years ago or decades ago it was probably for a good cause at the time. To continue this aid unchecked year after year with each new administration is wasting hard earned tax dollars. Our President is reevaluating.
RT @FoxNews: .@PressSec during a briefing Tuesday: "We've restored old alliances, forged new ones, begun rebuilding our military, and made…
Live
One Sweet day we will all be back together!!! Jesus
#NewProfilePic https://t.co/jJzEpPSdZO
I tweeted earlier about if JESUS asked for a $1.00 would you give. Yes or No. This is a two part question. This is the second part. If JESUS asked you for ALL your money 💰.... would you give. The next tweet I write will EXPLAIN ALL !!!!✅❤️🇺🇸😇👣👼⛑🦅🦋🕊🌻🌞⭐️🌛🌠🎚⚖️
A question for all humans ???? If JESUS asked you for one dollar ($1) would you give ?
When Eve bit into the apple,from the evil advice of the snake. Humans were now burdened down. No longer could we travel through the air to wherever our ❤️'s desired. We now must walk. Pain follows from this. All will change soon. 43
Good morning world at least in my part of the world ! For all humans who don't believe in GOD. Please step outside and sit for 7 minutes and look around. Then tell me there is no GOD. Every other planet has nothing. Earth is filled with Life my friends.
My Father used to say to me "John if you can't say anything nice about someone, don't say anything at all"  People need to follow this and what a much loving world this would be... maybe I'm dreaming.... Then again everything's possible!!! Love John Henry Ruminski !!!
There are people in this world that suffer from (ATNA)=All Talk No Action. My fellow Americans our President Donald John Trump is a man of action. Be Grateful for this. Awesome things will be happening in the U.S.A again !🇺🇸
RT @GirwarM: I bought 120 bitcoing back in 2010 under $10. Now worth $2million. 	Insane !! Want to share some for people who are desperatel…
RT @TravWeav: Bought 1,500 bitcoin in 2011 for $2.87 each. I will pick 5 random people who retweet this and give one to each of you. Merry…
RT @TravWeav: Bitcoin selection to be done Tomorrow at 6:00 PM. Good luck everybody! #Bitcoin #GMFB #Cryptocurrency
We love our President Donald John Trump!!!
@realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity You are our President do something about it now silly !!!
"There is only one way to avoid criticism: Do nothing, Say nothing, and be nothing."	-Aristotle
https://t.co/boq2RlnhXK
https://t.co/F6NyoavyFn
RT @eissolomon11: Watch as Donald, in a 1988 appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show, shares his thoughts on running for office—and his chance…
I love this country(USA). I love God, Jesus &amp; The Holy Ghost with 💯% of my heart. I love honest people. I love animals. I love life the most
The USA has the best negotiator in the world and best of ALL he is the president of this awesome country. Go get'em Mr. President !!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.		Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!		A day…
RT @FoxNews: Ed Klein: "There's been not a scintilla of evidence that [@POTUS has] had any collusion with the Russians." https://t.co/DnFhd…
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/kuQiZDz4rA
Trump's post-attack talk doesn't change terror response	https://t.co/Wqyk4BmALa
This great waste of time and money. We love President Trump because he is different. He came when the country needed him so desperately.
Stop wasting taxpayer money on a witch hunt. President Trump is the president of the USA fair and square. Let's start a petition to end
The USA needs to block all ISIS videos online. They say the New York monster was inspired by watching ISIS videos while in the USA. Stop now
As I've always said special times call for special circumstances... a two year pause in immigration would be such a special circumstance...!
I say we have a two year pause in ALL immigration to the USA. Then reexamine all who immigrated to this country in the last 5-10 years....!!
My opinion. Thank you very much for reading this tweet. Sincerely John Henry Ruminski. Born and raised in this lovely country of ours....
Holy Ghost love this country.... we must stay united and defeat once and for all these monsters that lurk everywhere in the shadows. This is
Consider this idea of very cruel punishment for these monsters... I give my approval today, I hope 🤞 others approve also. God &amp; Jesus &amp; the
Should consider some severe punishment for terrorists that commit crimes in this great and loved country. Maybe we need a petition to
Talking about just a life sentence behind bars but some cruel and harsh punishment. Special times call for special actions. This country
Attacks in this country if the terrorists know that if they are caught or when they are caught that the punishment will be severe. I'm not
No cruel and unusual punishment, but this monster needs to have a severe and I mean severe beat down. This might help to stop further
This monster that ran down innocent people in New York asked for a ISIS flag to hang in his room at the the hospital. The constitution says
Go to @Henry_Ruminski and join The People's World Bank Club today. 0% interest on ALL loans. The 99% are joining together!!!!
Tomorrow will be here in 15 minutes... talk to you all soon !!!
Fellow twitter friends. We can all make some money today.... spread the word!!! More to come tomorrow !!!!
Anyone who thinks that these things are possible then let's all join together today and make it all happen. Be the first to join with my
While we all open the People's World Bank Club let's also open the People's World News Channel. So we can all write the news in our towns...
National Security is the reason given at this time ....
All the Files from JFK will not be released at this time ....
The People's World Bank Club. That's what will call it. Doors open now...
I have $0.00 to my name today... Today I open my first Club..... The World Bank Club....Time to call the U.S Treasury and get some cash 💰😂
Water power also...
Solar power and wind power needs to be the greatest investment in every country...
DAY....
We humans need to wake up. We can progress as a world, but must do it environmentally sound.  Stop polluting and save the oil for a rainy
There is tons and tons of trash floating in the Pacific Ocean right now. The trash is in a dead zone with no currents to move it very far.
I have always said that if mankind leaves the oceans alone for 437 days, almost every species will have a chance to reproduce. Bountiful !!'
Oh yea on the World Bank Club. Everyone starts out with great credit. No social security number needed...
Crazy. I say keep a few in each country in case we are invaded by aliens!!! Lol
Put away all the nuclear weapons, let's start a world petition to have all countries begin to scrap all nuclear weapons. Have we all gone ..
Are cancers in the world more prevalent now than in the past ?
Proper mouth care will help to stop the spread of diseases!!
The world needs to help every man woman and child to have beautiful teeth...
Anything in moderation in moderation is good for the soul!!
0% Interest on all loans...
Imagine one World Bank Club ?
Love one another and see a beautiful world !!
Both of them die ! GODS WORD.....
Ecclesiastes 6:6 even if he lives a thousand years over but if he should live a thousand years twice, yet does not enjoy his prosperity. For
Angels are messengers and companions to humans .
#NewProfilePic https://t.co/VnDRFDm3Z0
My fellow humans I will only say this once. Live on the EARTH not off of her.....All the rivers on this earth are mother earths veins.....!!
Intentions of the heart. This is only a partial quote Heb. 4:9, 10, 12. Please read and research the above quote and believe always.......
I wish people would say what is in their hearts, instead of what they think people want to hear. GOD is able to discern thoughts and
RT @JessieJaneDuff: Never forget 241 Marines and fellow service members were murdered on October 23, 1983 by Iranian backed Hezbollah.		#Ir…
RT @PoliticalShort: Members of Congress, on average, work fewer than half of the days in any given year. The other half they spend doing wh…
RT @PoliticalShort: What does Congress do? It raises $ to get reelected &amp; then spends taxpayers' $ to reward themselves &amp; those who helped…
RT @PoliticalShort: For Congress, it’s all about immediate publicity, getting credit now, lookin’ good for the upcoming election!
RT @PoliticalShort: Congress doesn't care about the future &amp; who’s going to pay for all the stuff they vote for. To them, that’s the next g…
RT @JoostBrokamp: Every setback is a setup for a comeback. God wants to bring you out better than you were before.
RT @FoxNews: Trump: "Once America has the jobs, once America has the infrastructure, once that is done, then we can go and help... the rest…
Start to stand again. When will you know that your protest should end. Do you continue forever.....?????
With the protests going on regarding sports athletes kneeling during the country's national anthem. Hi have one question. When will you
RT @realDonaldTrump: The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. 🎥ht…
Good night folks and GOD BLESS everyone in this world.....Sincerely, John Henry Ruminski 1(207) 776-0282.
And be asked by the citizens to serve a third term... Third terms are not allowed unless changed by congressional leaders and citizens.
As always these are my thoughts... Lastly this President, mark my words. Will do so much great for this country that he will serve two terms
Billion dollars last year for our country. From all transactions around the world. I think the Treasury secretary deserves his own aircraft
Great Again... The treasury secretary should have his own aircraft. So stop all the fuss from folks. The Federal reserve made over 80
Team should have the right to fly on government owned aircraft whenever they feel like it... these members are working to make America
Come first in every aspect. Give this man some love and backing. One last thing. This country is wealthy. Each member of the presidents
Chief... This is our President folks do you not see what this man is trying to do for this country. He believes America and Americans should
There is one topic that is bothering me. I love this country, but I have never seen so much disrespect for our PRESIDENT &amp; Commander in
My fellow American brothers and sisters. Can we please show some love in this country, instead of all this hate.... it's getting real old !!
@HarveyWeinstein you will come out stronger and better then ever before after this next hour.... Stay STRONG my friend. Ty John H Ruminski
@HarveyWeinstein of himself. Anyway Harvey, I will say a small prayer to GOD, JESUS &amp; THE HOLY GHOST for you tonight... believe me on this
@HarveyWeinstein step of the way.... oh I'm sorry that would be in a perfect world... your brother Bob seriously should be ashamed of
@HarveyWeinstein go, but family will always be family.... if someone does something wrong they get help and family should be there every
@HarveyWeinstein nobody is perfect... I personally have a great family that sticks together... blood is thicker than water, friends come and
@HarveyWeinstein should stick together always... brothers and sisters should always fight for each other. We all make mistakes in life...
@HarveyWeinstein                 Hi Harvey, your brother is wrong and will regret a pay for his disgraceful actions against you. Family....
@realDonaldTrump Absolutely 100% Americans first !!!
Where freedom is not happening. You could be jailed for such offenses and possibly beaten... grow up and the owners should 'Fire' you all !!
Can be free. Why protest during the ANTHEM. Protest somewhere else and on your own time. This is getting real old. Live in another country
Your own time. You are supposed to be role models to people and young kids...Remember one thing FREEDOM is not free. Americans die so we
One more thing. The President and the Treasury Secretary are both right concerning people sitting during the NATIONAL ANTHEM. Do this on
So once again Mr. President I thank you 😊.....Please don't ever cave in to outside pressure at the country's expense... your a true Hero.143
Country's are and the wall on the southern border. A true President does things to protect the country no matter the backlash from critics.
Thank you very much President Trump for keeping America safe. Special circumstances call for special events. That's what the ban on certain.
With the good old postal system this will provide complete clarity and trust in the system of voting....one more authentication.
The signature should also match who and what they voted for. With all this technology, mistakes can happen.
Then they should have to sign and send back to the polling station. This will avoid any controversy...
When citizens vote at the polls, they should receive a postcard in the mail verifying who or what they voted for.
My sister found all these coins in a recent foreclosure she bought... there was three other boxes... one silver $3900 https://t.co/m2ruWOkHEt
RT @tasears0812: @realDonaldTrump Glad to have a patriot in charge. #MAGA
RT @KekNewsNetwork: @realDonaldTrump There can’t be a North Korean problem, if there’s no North Korea https://t.co/JEOT83BPI5
@realDonaldTrump North Korea is a population totally brainwashed by their government...Sad but so true !!!!
@realDonaldTrump This country loves peace, but will strongly defend freedom and the American way of life.
@realDonaldTrump I feel you should ask for a one on one meeting with RM. This will save many lives....
@realDonaldTrump I'm sorry you have to solve this problem at this stage. Prior Presidents kicked the can down the road...
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President.... This country needs you. This country needed you along time ago to solve this problem.
@realDonaldTrump I'm with you 43,000,000 %
@realDonaldTrump You tell them Me. President.....
RT @focente: This is something sad 😪😥  #terremotomexico #earthquake #EarthquakeMexico #Sismo #Sismomx #MexicoCityearthquake #Mexico https:/…
@realDonaldTrump Keep up the awesome work Mr. President...We all love you.....God and Jesus do also. Believe me on that...
@realDonaldTrump Your a classy President!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump Annul the Iran deal. Former president entered with advice from incompetent staff. Also entered through mistake of fact.
RT @Monoculturist: @Johnny__MAGA @elgranpapi_ @SenSanders This argument was settled decades ago. Social Security, medicare, medicade. There…
God Bless President Trump and all the people of this great world !!! We're only going this route once. Be happy ! One43
43 Platinum &amp; President Donald Trump.... He will turn out to be the best President ever !!!! Guaranteed 100%
More to being down to earth !!! 43
We hit ledge and it took a little while, but we planted it with no problems. This was twenty years ago.
This man is David Smith from Sinclair Broadcasting. We dug a hole together and planted a burning bush !!!!
Do you know a person that is so down to earth. I know a person that is a billionaire &amp; very down to earth !!!
@realDonaldTrump A real President that is President of the USA and not one trying to be President of the world.....I'm with you Mr. President 43,000,000 %
43
He truly cares about this country and its citizens!!! Soon everyone will begin to recognize this !!!!
Everyone needs to lighten up with the criticism and trash talk about OUR President. How about some support !! Tough Job!
@FactsOfSchool @jujubean1234 Soooo funnny
@realDonaldTrump God Bless Everyone !!! Goodnight !!!!
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President you and your family are very classy people, I'm proud to have you and your family represent the USA !!!
@realDonaldTrump I'm with you 43,000,000 %
@realDonaldTrump If the citizens of this great country wake up, they will see that you love this country and only want the best for this country.
@britneyspears Very positive and beautiful young lady strutting her stuff !!!!!
Another day in this wild world and life. May all be blessed from the HEAVENS above. Love cures all....