Extremism, in any manner, positive or negative, will never constitute a middle ground. After all it is, by nature, extreme. 		#factsfirst
All our lives would be better served to remember that not all bad people are so bad, and not all good people are so good. Before you aggressively dish on someone, remember the #factsfirst
Though politics, by nature, ask us all to think in binary and generalized terms, that is something we cannot and should not do. Though we may not all agree with the Bush family politics, we cannot be so callous as to think they do not possess a single redeeming quality.
In her article, Jarrar says that binary thoughts, seeing the world in black &amp; white only with no variation, is perhaps our biggest problem. Yet, with a stroke of the same (virtual) pen, she condemns the Bush family with the very absolute judgments &amp; generalizations she despises.
The answer is this: it is not what you feel or what you believe, but how you share it with others. I encourage all to read an article written by Professor Jarrar herself: https://t.co/eDFL0VsI4y
In the wake of the #Fresno debate, the issue of free speech is once again called into question. Can one’s opinions ever cross a line? But what if it’s simply how you FEEL or what you BELIEVE?
We are capable of giving without immediate gratification, encouraging and supporting even when we are already weak, and of waiting and watching for their return. After all, why else did we even have children? #coffeethoughts
The idea that our children are an ungrateful bunch is a total myth. Show them what it means to be thankful by example; and encourage them to find something worth being thankful for. For us as parents to say that we “deserve” and even “demand” more is selfish.
Messages like this are so much more, mean so much more, to children AND their parents. Instead of telling our children NO and that they’re not ready, help them to understand real life risks and consequences. #truthfirst #factsfirst https://t.co/IIO5pYmhKb
Why do our “Murican” milestones not celebrate LIFE as well as other cultures do? We celebrate “age to drive” and “age to drink” as if it reflects who that child is and what they hope to become. Why don’t we celebrate a coming of age to wisdom or individuality?
PSA to all my parents out there: the more honest, open, and trusting you are of your children, the more of them you will have in your lives to cherish. That does not mean to love blindly. Only to teach, show, and share our wisdom with them. How else can we expect them to learn?
I dream of a day where average citizens don't use political platforms as a tool for attacking those of a different ideology. Republicans AND Democrats both stand for the value of human life, of personal freedom, and political independence. Together, let's get our #factsfirst
3. In fact, it’s always someone else’s fault, never our own. Defending the “right” for an average citizen to own a military grade weapon is like getting mad at your mom for taking your toys away - when you’re 37 and living at home. You care? Then know the #factsfirst
2. This kid had been reported, expelled, and ostracized for his abhorrent behaviors. Had he NOT committed these horrible acts, people like Whalen would be the first to defend him and say his rights had been violated.
1. The dialogue on gun violence and gun possession and gun-related deaths has BEEN open for decades, and I assume will continue to be for many more. People like @Sean_Whalen who boil it down to “not enough talking” are missing the point.
While we lie in wait, avoiding action for the fear of infringing on others’ “right to carry,” we infringe on others’ “right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” The truth speaks for itself. #factsfirst
Good people have strong hearts and strong minds. But the best people have the strength to listen to them both.     #factsfirst
There are no bad choices in life. You either follow a path that leads to instant happiness, or one that takes you the long way around. The latter is much more valuable. When you understand that happiness is always a guarantee, making tough choices won't seem so scary. #factsfirst
The best thing that you can do for your country is not to make your voice heard, but to make your HEART known and your MIND sound. Think first, and feel later.     #factsfirst
If our LEGAL system can attempt to make the distinction between INTENT and ACTION, why can't we do the same to others? Those who may have hurt us also have a story to tell.   #factsfirst