My Invension is going to be licensends  in the next few months by Barry Willg from davidsons in  America, so excited.
I am getting compansation for my abuse I recived as a child in the next few months.
loving being back home with my family
just watched solar weather for the UK the north pole is tracking south.
the twin towers wasthe biggest robbery ever, the radio waves turned th building to dust but did not burn papper matter.
Hillary Clinton said in her emails in WikiLeaks, we need another pearl harbour.
the twin towers where brought down by radio waves watch 9/11 Evidence That Won't Go Away ! 720HD
my toughs are with the families of the  children of the Florida shooting  so sad.
SO BORED GOING TO MAKE A DOLL FOR A LITTLE GIRL NEXT DOOR https://t.co/77TUiyvyzf
no valentines card for me today.
got hospital letter discharge today, wont need to go to anymore hearings
my friend @anita_wilson5 is looking for love !
got lambert and lambert interested in my invention, they are a licence company .
I have stopped smoking now im home.
making pancakes with Jack.
need a big loan if im going to get chritians empire off the ground.
I ones saw a ufo, it came straight over my roof of my house, it was huge see youtube  ufo over cornwall england
having a nice glass of merlo with supper
Davidsons in America  have over a thousand companies that will bring my invention to market and manufacturing my product
Davidsons are calling be back at 6pm uk time to discuss my invention, got three companies intrested now!
so cute I want my ward jack to get a puppy😀 https://t.co/JMWAcLJS5Z
I have over 350 businesses  to set up in  3 months
RT @realDonaldTrump: According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought d…
RT @Peggy4GOD: The Wise look ahead to see whats coming	but fools deceive themselves	Fools make fun of guilt	but the Godly acknowledge it an…
RT @Doodisgirl: ☀️☕️Good Morning Friends xx	It’s a Perfect Day to Give Thanks to the LORD 🙏🏼🙌🏼		For He is good and His love endures forever…
Turns out Jamie is in a relationship with five children.
RT @realDonaldTrump: As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the land…
missing driving my car, going to sell it and in three months I'm going to get a Audi TT
I am hoping to go to new York  later in the year  and stay in Trump Tower, I was drawn to him because he looks like my father, who I nursed when, I WAS 16, the same night my mother moved her new boyfriend who was also a alcoholic into our house.
Got another company interested in my invention
I have a company  who wants to buy my invention  , I'm so excited about it.
my section will be lifted on the 6th of march
RT @EjHirschberger: Don’t mind me! #MAGA by #ladydwinter https://t.co/O7pzQpoXk6
Home, just sent my invention to invent right.
The doctor  said  I have bipolar
Getting home  for good later today.
Another  few days I will be home for good ☺
RT @KNP2BP: #FakeNewsMedia LIES about @POTUS #Trump but the truth shall set us free from voter manipulation.		In Obama’s first 41 speeches…
I need to license  my sports  invention  when I get out
My hearing has been cancelled  until  the 6th of March
RT @EjHirschberger: More winning! 	Trump #MAGAnomics brings back 400 more jobs &amp; higher wages	CAMPBELL’S SOUP Announces Shut Down Of Canadi…
Getting home next week  with  the home treatment  team can't  wait  to put jack to bed and get him up for  school.
So bored  someone  ripped  the tv  arial  out of the television  so can't watch  a movie
My hearing  is set for the 2nd of February
Got ward round tomorrow  hopefully get home.  Jamie  is in tomorrow  I will  miss him if I get home his smile  lights up my day . I will marry  him before  the end of this  year
Need to get a patent  when I get out for my 3D sport invention also licence from every sport clubs in the world.
Just got back from home jack  was  so upset  when  I left he was planing  my birthday  party  which  is on the 31st of march when I'm  50 and his on  the 1st of April,  he loves tanks and police  cars
RT @realDonaldTrump: I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to citi…
I suffered  depression  most of my childhood  due to my abuse  I tried to com it suiside  so many time's  I don't know  how I survived  but I did by telling  my story  it gave me strength  I hope it gives  people  strength  to tell there  story
I'll be talking about mental health on Time to Talk Day, Thursday 1 February. You should too.		https://t.co/vntN4f5gxA
Going  home  in 10 minutes can't wait to see jack.
RT @bgood12345: 💥💥BREAKING: Sen. Grassley Sends Out Letters-Demands Info from Hillary, DNC, Donna Brazile, Podesta...On Fusion GPS! Steele…
I hope  I won't  be in here  for valentines  day I'm hoping to  be on a beach  with jamie,  never  in my  life  have I felt  the way   do about anyone  ever. Can't wait to cook toghether .
RT @DonnaWR8: ‘If we get this📑into the PublicSquare heads are going to roll!’ @RepMattGaetz 		‘They are very shaken at what they’ve seen. I…
Going  home tomorrow,  can't wait to see jack
RT @r_little_finger: Is Trump perfect? NO		Is Trump ‘politically correct? NO		Is Trump a just another “politician”? NO		Is Trump our Presid…
Donald  J Trump  will you give me away  at my wedding?
I'm allowed  out for 8 hours a day just don't have  transport  to take me home and back they only have  one car but no one to drive it.
Had a lovely  day yesterday  with  little jack, I'm going  home on Saturday  again.
Hearing has been  cancelled  again. Going to be another  3 week's.
Allowed home  for 8 hours  every day if someone  can pick  me up	My friend  is taking me today.
I have 8 hrs  at home now.
I remember  the moment  I fell in love with  jamie,  hungry eyes  was playing,  at that moment  our eyes locked from that moment  I knew  he was going to be the person I was going to marry  he looks like a model for athletes.  He gives  me butterfly's  every time I look at him.
Got ward  round  today hopefully  get  home  with home treatment team.
They say  I am ill because I said I was going to  call the business  cornish blush company  I forget to  tell them I changed  it to christiansempire   .got ward  round tomorrow hopefully get  home.
RT @r_little_finger: 🇺🇸#ReleaseTheMemo Follow Back 🚂		Call to all MAGA Patriots ‼️		If EVERYONE retweets &amp; 	FOLLOWS all who Retweets		We Wi…
Think  I have  the flu  not that it has stopped  me eating,I had roast pork with froze cabbage  and carrots. I love cooking as does jamie , wonder  what will be our first meal together?
They are going to  take  blood  tomorrow  I have told  them my whole body  is aching  my arms  legs  and back  is hurting 	If I die it will be thire  fault
Feeling  out of sorts today,  they have  given  me the Lithium  every day but checked  my bloody levels  since before  I started
Can't wait  to go somewhere  hot.!
Just had my weight  taken I have lost 2 kilos yah!
Jamie believed  in me when  others did not, I miss  his eyes  and his smile  that lights up my day, now I'm sad that  he went away, I wish  he would  call or message me to say he is  okay, how I wish  he had not gone away. Now I have to  wait the  8th of February  for hearing
They still think  everything  is in  my head I told them that I contacted Donald J Trump  about  my invention , because  I can't  show him on a personal  message  about  my invention they don't  believe  he would be  talking  to me.
Just  got back from a walk  with  jack. ☺
Hearing was  cancelled
RT @GOPChairwoman: Sen. Flake, turn on the news. It’s wall-to-wall with biased coverage against @POTUS. He has every right to push back. Co…
RT @r_little_finger: “IT TOOK A WHITE MAN 2 LOWER BLK UNEMPLOYMENT GOT 2 LUV THIS GUY MR.45” 		Winning with @realDonaldTrump 		#Truth #Winn…
I would  rather die than be in here  feeling really depressed  the last few days  can't stop crying.
RT @FoxNews: .@EricTrump: "This country is becoming wealthy again. He’s doing what he promised he would do.” https://t.co/1IpT7cZnZ7
Lawers coming  shortly
RT @Pickles0201: #CNNIDIOT ➡ @donlemon 👎🏼😈	Tries But FAILS 👏🤣 2 Convince MLK’s Nephew @realDonaldTrump is ‘Racist’👎🏼	Nice try Lemonhead 😕🍋🤡…
RT @charbship: Flake stand OUR senate floor and disrespects OUR President. Our president is not PC and gets more done for Americans, Flake…
My data is running out  so won't be online  in a bit
Tribunal  is on for 2 pm tomorrow
Most of my adult  life I have been a boss,I would  never  ask someone  to do  that I wasn't prepared to do  myself. I would  never not allow flexible  hours. If someone  came to me with  a proplem, I would always listen and do what I could  to help.
RT @vmbb12: Can’t clean up our streets, but have 2.8 BILLION for train.? https://t.co/MPtpGFctfv
RT @dekdarion: This is a special kind of butt hurt.  Its as if he is trying to secure a #FakeNewsAwards 🤣 https://t.co/JWvIheZPQt
RT @WolfensPride: @KatTheHammer1 @POTUS @SiddonsDan @SierraWhiskee @IsraelUSAforevr @Hoosiers1986 @GrizzleMeister @DonnaWR8 @JrcheneyJohn @…
RT @KatTheHammer1: "He has incredibly good genes and it's just the way God made him."		 ~Dr. Robby Jackson Doctor to @POTUS https://t.co/gd…
RT @Thomas1774Paine: ICYMI. Damning Oprah Video Surfaces; Anti-Christianity Rant Goes Viral https://t.co/DfTZxMQgKx
RT @PeggyInCHRIST: TERROR will grip them for GOD is with THOSE who OBEY HIM		PSALM 14:5
RT @Fuctupmind: The entire day has revolved around the "physical health" of the President.		He passed his physical with flying colors.		Mea…
RT @santiamtwit: @Voices4Humanity @wikileaks @POTUS A great, sacrificed by evil cabal. 	Gone but not forgotten!  The most outrageous act of…
When I get out I want to see if I'm a match for  a lady in here called Gloria  Jean Bray,she needs a lung.
Good morning  everyone.  Just one more sleep  until  my hearing. I hade terrible  night  mare during the  night, I dreamt that they gave me the injection  and I died.
Feeling  really  tearful  tonight,  can't  lay on my side  because off the injections  in my arms. All because I spoke  about religion  and told them I had contacted  Donald  Trump  about  my inventions.  They said why would  he talk to you?
RT @kwood6_wood: Crowd  Source the Truth:	PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: DEAD DONORS TELL NO TALES?	https://t.co/xVCUC8H5X6
@kwood6_wood Hilary  clinton  and her pack and her pay to play  doners  should be locked up  for the rest of  thiere  lives.
https://t.co/Y0By5dXS3e
Just  reading  the side effect  they gave me  a heart  scan trace  and are still  going  to give me the Lithium.  Some  one has to get me out of here they are giving  it to me in the next few days. Really scared  about it.
On a good  note Jamie has  been working all day don't mind so much. Feel myself  blush every time  he looks at me.
Had another  injection  yesterday  and today  they  told me they are going to  start giving  me Lithium.  Because  I can't prove that I contacted  Donald J Trump
I have  done nothing but watch  the  American  channel  21  the last few days.
I had a lovely time at home  this  afternoon  with little  prince jack. ☺
When I  get out I am going  to the news papers  with the biggest  story  ever told
Never thought I  would be firing someone  before  starting  work. Any one  who cheats  on his wife  would  cheat in business  . I WILL BE LOOKING  FOR ANOTHER  CEO
2 more  sleeps.
When I get  back  from holidays I will be going to the  news  papers  all over the world.
I would never betray a friend who told me something in confidence
When l was in  my thirties  lost  2 children from miscarriages .git drunk  and drove my car late  at night on a country  lane driving as fast as I could trying to end  my life.
When I get back  from  holiday, I will expose the pedophiles  to every news paper in the  world!. Let's see  how many more  votes Donald  Trump gets.
Just got back from  a walk,  it was lovely looking  at people's  gardens  I want flowers for every  day of the year.I used to have a beautiful garden when I lived in the old man's  in a sleepy  village called north curry in Somerset.
Another  time I was given a date  rape drug and left on the streets, in the middle of the night  I remember  two men standing over me and them dragging me in the car but nothing  more. They  told me the later that  I hit a officer.
Worried about  my family  now.
RT @TranslateRealDT: Every single word of this tweet is a lie. https://t.co/e3mOyXnFfG
@HRHHenryWindsor  	So excited  for you  both,  you  are the perfect combination .
@TuckerCarlson @FoxNews No they shouldn't
@politicalHEDGE @espn @realDonaldTrump DONALD DOES  NOT  JUDGE  PEOPLE  BY THE  COLOUR OF  THE SKIN  YELLOW RED BLACK  OR WHITE  HE  JUDGES BY THE THINGS  WE DO PEOPLE  WHO STEEL  RAPE AND KILL  ARE THE REAL  VIOLATION HERE LIKE THE THE CLINTONS  AND HER PACK  THEY LIE TO SAVE THE OWN SKINS.
I’m most inspired by #OptimizedAgriculture #AI	https://t.co/CG3tQLvFMZ
# free julian Assarge
@vnuek # free julian  Assarge
@V_of_Europe So sad so many needless  deaths.  Wipe Is is out !
I'm going  to buy post offices
RT @almostjingo: (12) What did #SneakyDianne have to say about it? Well she lied first then unhinged Dems ignored all of it and screamed ab…
RT @TomFitton: The transcript released by @SenFeinstein of FUSION GPS interview improperly redacts the names of Clinton campaign vendor FUS…
RT @politicalHEDGE: Can everyone see our tweets? Retweet or like if you can. Thanks. https://t.co/MNkB7skirV
RT @V_of_Europe: Almost nine out of ten women confronted with sexual harassment in Brussels https://t.co/ETi8LHxVjv
Going to need a private  tuition  for Jack.
Love noodles  The hot pot coming  soon.
I love  sexy  lingerie  silk scarfs  high  heels stocking and suspenders  and neglacheis  with blind  folds and ice cubes  and yougart
I want to arrange  flowers wine hamper for staff at long reach and a selection  of beers  and  spitit for the  boys 23 girls  and 15 boys. When  I leave here.
I want to arrange  for a flower garden in Longfield  hospital. .
No longer  will the NHS  suffer   but together  we can achieve  our goals  10   pounds minimum  per hour with doctors  nurses medical  team 10 percent  pay rise.
Christiansempire  employees  will be paid a mini number of 10 pounds  a hour no matter what gender  they are.
Will be buying large stores
I will also  be buying hotels  in  Truro and Somerset  and every country  in the world .
Will be buying  falmouth  hotel  when I'm out of here .
Not getting  home today  maybe  tomorrow .
I want to arrange  a race day for my son's  and my ex husband  becky  with Samuel friends  in the near future.
Just send a private message  to Donald  J Trump  about my abuser
I slept  so soundly   last night I have only  just woke up.  Hopefully I will  see Jack today.
Just had pizza  only  one slice so good first time  in years
# ivankatrump  for president
@Alyssa_Milano @IvankaTrump @Oprah It's bull bull shit
Lots of jobs  available very soon
#Love  is in the air
I am so  happy today I have been dancing in the  ward all day.
Got back  on twitter  yah!
In memory  of the people princess  the queen of hearts Princess  Diana	The  people's princess  hospital 	The peoples botique hotel 	The people's shipping  fleets
Empire  plumbing heating enterprise.  Trump tyres. Trump camper  vans trump cars
True https://t.co/t67mXbni15
When I get out I want to go to remote  place  there is no phones  just some  books  box set of games  of thrones  and a portable did player and I will be turning my location  off.
Praise  is light to the human spirit  The human spirit  can not flower and grow without  it.
They took my car because I bought flowers for staff and patience  and bought a Indian for patients  so can someone give me loan?	😇
Go see a young lady who had been  Beaton  by her partner so I told them I was going outside  for a cigarette,  then snuck  out the gate  to go see her I returned  a hour later and policeman  was in my home I sent them to her house  then a van came for me to take my to hospital
This  sent me into a panic then mental  came again because  marks ex had called  them again I told them everything when  they arrived  they kept asking me to prove  that I was speaking  to Donald Trump  and Erin  Trump	That day I had made a  promise  to
In front  of me and it head on lucky no one was injured.  The next day marks ex and daughter  arrived marks daughter  went to the shop and  on her return  she said  she had a near miss  accident on her way back. She then said she wanted to take jack  out for a drive
The next day I went to my bank to report  my card stolen and parked my car, when I came back  I got in my car to return  home on the home I was driving  down a hill my car got  faster and faster and could  not stop, I pulled  on my handbrake  which  did not work it hit a car
Arranged  for mental health team to come to my home I explained to  them that I was tired and that I was working full time, looking after jack who had  scarlet fever, they gave me  something  to help me sleep.  The next day my purse got stolen  with all my identify
My tribunal has again been cancelled , I have been  here  for over  3  months, I believe  that I was brought  here because  I was talking  about religion  and pedophiles My ex partner and his ex wife called the doctor  as they tought  I had a mental  break down, my doctor
Going  out for a walk to the post office  in  half  hour then tomorrow  I am going  home at 4pm
Jamie is a chef like me, he can coo lobster not like my I couldn't  kill anything I once  turned  off my dive buddy's  air because  he was going to spear a lobster. I could  never gut a fish or any living thing
Jamie  will never break  my heart.
My second  husband  Graham widdicombe  broke my heart
We stayed together  for  9 more  years. I loved  him and even paid for him to take what was to be his second  wife lobby and his first  date.
I married my my first husband  Stephen  who was my best friend  when our son died it was  so trurmatic  for us both we couldn't talk about his death because  it was to hard, we tried  to move forward  in our lives,  when we had liam,he was a reminder  of the son we lost
I care about the the victims  of abuse. I will always  fight for you,I will always  listen to you I will always  put you first, you can  call me anytime  night or day.my number is 07392522390  even if  I am in a meeting I will take your call.
Why does our government  put them first it should #whataboutme .
I was raped  by a black  cab driver	I was  raped by a solder	I was drugged with date rape drug a sold the highest  bidder
They should have life  in prison for  what they did  to us.
Ones a rapist always a rapist
I can't believe  that one of Britain's  rapist  has been released. I am  horrified that this scum is out. What about us  what  about the children. Why does our government  make it about the rapist? Please  tell me WAS IT MY FAULT?.
Jamie is in the house, otherwise  known as 00diamond I am  M.
RT @realDonaldTrump: With all of the failed “experts” weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on be…
EMPIRE  CABS	EMPIRE PHONES	EMPIRE POP UP MARQUEE 	EMPIRE TENTS	EMPIRE  MAINTENANCE
Inas china	The  pop up shop 	Empire trucks 	Empire  hotels	Empire  cruise ship	Empire shipping 	Empire Docks
Arans vans 	Michaels  cycles 	Ferns furs	Arians vans	Admiral fleet	Admiral Docks
Bright light homes getting people  off the  streets. 	Bright Light mobility vans and  runs	Bright light children's books	Children  story books The world  of Jesus
Christiansempire gold  coins coming soon
Today I have wrote down everything that  happened to me to give to my Lawers writing  things down makes you relive  everything,  I wake with nightmares  most nights re living everything  and remembering  things I forgot like being burnt with cigars .
Anyone can make a difference by helping the elderly sponsorship  of a child or animal's  . I plan to adopt  as well as helping children and  families  with christians Family  fund
@agentphillip1 Nice to  meet you  Phillip Happy new year hope you  had a great time
RT @EdenPrivateStaf: Leading recruitment company able to find the best #Privatestaff that is available. Profiles of all #householdstaff can…
The Web will  always  be free. I use  bing when  I surf  the Web.  I will be using cyber  suffer software  when it's launched
@TeamRobinTaylor @oswalds_lover @_ajax11 @MoBaccarinBR @HigueraNataly @OliviaEndeavour @CrystalReedItal I will be out after the 11th  and will have a chat with you then.
No more will we go hungry	No more will our children  go hungry 	No more will we stand in a queue at food banks	No more will men be paid  more than a woman
Sweet pea nursing homes will care for  people  who have dementia
Queen of hart's hospital  will have latest technologies  for cancer  patients
My vote  is for Sarah Newton  conservative  party
I never make a promise and not keep it. If say something  I do it together we will change  the world  The time has come  to put down our weapons  and come  together  we are all brothers sisters  with one  god with different  names live  in peace. No wars.
Not getting home until Saturday will be home  at noon , just in time to  make Jacks  lunch.
In his eyes  so bright 	Like my  knight  in shining  armour 	I will never let anyone  harm  him	He is mine and only mine	We are like  a vine  intwined for ever  more I would never want one for the rest of  my life when I become  his wife.
Had my xray today to see if the glass is still  in my foot, get results  in the morning.
@P_G_Thompson Should be campaigning for peace, he should  be ashamed  of himself .
RT @r_little_finger: The Mule is gunning for Team Trump on money laundering charges, using the Russia probe as a cover.		Stop wasting taxpa…
@realDonaldTrump You show  him Donald 😠
Did not go Dancing  in the streets  because  it was too cold and don't  have gloves  here. I had three  fingers  severed on  om my right hand and my middle  finger  on my left . SO will be dancing  inside  later
Need a car  to go next week
Going  out  going dancing  in the streets
Watching games of thrones  I had a dress just  like  hers but staples .
@JackPosobiec @DaveTipton3 I love Donald trump I'm hoping he will give me away  when I marry
When I sleep  at night I live and die without  emotions,  yet I wonder  but that is a factor  of Freedom  within each breath  and yet again, I wonder  for you and peace	Lord God I will follow  you	I will  love  you  for eternity.
https://t.co/IkYHvhSrdc
On this  day  I will be going  live at 1pm
I HAVE LEAVE  FOR 3 HOURS BUT HAS TO BE  TAKEN BY A RESPONSIBLE  ADULT TO MY HOME AND BACKFLIP TO HOSPITAL  THEN HOPEFULLY  I WILL GET OVER NIGHT STAY AND DRIVE MY CAR  WHICH IN THE GARAGE  AND NOW WAY TO GET IT.
Looking forward  to getting home and cooking . I have  my own dish for morrocan  lamb salad  with  feta secret past down from my father.
Our police fighter  fighters and first  response   team teams should be given a 10 percent  pay rise.
It's sleep time for me, so I will bid you all good night 🙏
@FiredFBIBoss Current comey
RT @USAloveGOD: I just had an emotional setback.	Someone really upset me.	Ya, know I'm just gonna say THIS...	Yes, we're in #America &amp; yes,…
My back is stinging  with the cold weather I had phumnia  when I was living  in a house  that had damp I served  the agents  4 yr ago   and they still refuse  to give me the 850.00 deposit back. The coat  group said it was like sleeping  in a river.
https://t.co/v8QUvDeUIV
I want this waist https://t.co/Mpw4L3SXtS
I have had  so many things stolen from  bodmin and Longfield  hospital  one  apple  green jumper 45.00, one silver silk scarf 65.00, 1 pair of knee high boots 95.00 and one handmade silver ring 165.00
Refused to go home by doctor,  but am allowed  home for three hours tomorrow  after my ex rays  for the glass in my foot. No more dancing on my toes .
Trump freight  trains no more pollution  in our waters
@realDonaldTrump I hope our government  give doctors and nurses  at least a health assistants at cleaners at least  10 per cent  pay rise. These people  work tirelessly, they are subject 10th abuse. They are the back bone of the NHS. Toghether  we can make a huge  difference
RT @realDonaldTrump: The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President O…
Ward round I wish  someone  was hear  to to tell them I'm  telling  the truth
Jack https://t.co/BAvge6fLM3
RT @EjHirschberger: @realDonaldTrump #WikiLeaks stands with @POTUS and the American people for truth! #MAGA by #MarthaP14109814
For the last two nights  I am dreaming the  same dream. I am looking  into a cave or a mine?, all I see is gold everywhere?
@B75434425 Amen to that!
RT @GetEG88: 👇👇 Way wrong answer, #Justsayn we are in many predicaments because of this asinine statement. We should have demanded more inf…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian…
@InvestTurkey I love turkey  look forward to  visiting  again
New Ttump Trains coming to  a station  near  you. Also New comuter  tubes.
NHS is faling  that's why we will have the people's hospital. I already enrolled  in the people's  pension
What do you think? https://t.co/KRpcs4Nkhh love this picture  perfect   for cornish corset company
00 diamond  is in the house  feel week at the news as he walks  by.💓💖💋
Watching games of thrones 😜
I used to be a book keeper up to profit  and loss but I won't be doing it again. The only  thing I be doing is keeping my recipes  for company  expenses  and for personal  millage in my company car.
The person  that called my doctor  was following  me on Twitter  was the one that called  me mentally  ill all because  I was talking about God  and jesus christ
@realDonaldTrump @dcsheriff My thoughts are with  the families  and friends. May God keep  him close.
I have my Ward round tomorrow hopefully they will let me out until my tribunal  on the 11th  after  that I want  a puplic  apologise  from the n's or I will sue  them.
https://t.co/uPFbf6f1kn
@realDonaldTrump Happy new year julian
@realDonaldTrump Happy new year  Donald love mechelle
Wishing  all my friends  near  and far A happy new year.  Thank you for  believing me .
https://t.co/cx4XfUY36W
@realDonaldTrump So true Donald
#VladimirPutin setting hot!
Love is like a rainbow  in the rain nothing is ever the same again	Your eyes  remind me of stars so bright I just want to hold you in my arms tonight , together  you will see our love will be for eternity.
@SofiaGAdvert008 Will you create  some advertising  for  me just mechelle
Off to do a work  out  in the gym.  I over do it as I have a faulty  heart valve.  My sister died of heart problems 💔
Cristians stock pot
Just took a drink of my hot milky  drink. Nearly  took my head off it was it was soo hot
Standing outside  feeling by boons off
Time to  sleep  good night friends   xx
Sounds good  in uk
S#Periscope
I belive  in miracle  just before  I was taken to hopispital I was talking about God on twitter  when two days later my bag with driving licence got stolen and  when I was driving  home my handbrake  snapped lost control hit a ca moved it 3 foot   but no damage  to the cars
@Imamofpeace @SonofLiberty357 @lsarsour Count me in.
@Imamofpeace @SonofLiberty357 @lsarsour I will be visiting  tehran
I would destroy  anyone  if they harm any one that belongs to me	I would  walk on hot coals  to save  just  one life 	I would kill anyone if they hurt my family.
@realDonaldTrump @WSJ Bum not bump
I buy most of my clothes and shoes on ebay.
I never spoil myself, however  love to spoil others . I would never buy a diamond but instead  would buy rose quarts .
@realDonaldTrump @WSJ You  bet it's going  to grow and will continue  growing  every year  and years  to come tell Obama  to stick  his figures up his bump,  he is used to  that!.
Radio 2  Newyorker show
Lying in bed listening to pirate  fm song called the sweetest  thing.
#loving games  of thrones
Looking forward to snuggling  of the sofa spooning. 😈
Fell asleep  watching  games  of thrones  😜
The fitly rich will be no more  because  the people's  purse will give to the poor, they will eat healthy food  and drink gods wine which will taste  devine?  They will sing gods name as I do the same.
https://t.co/EfUp9VWd3G
My prince  jack https://t.co/DzmFel2sz7
https://t.co/INmJmgCbxL
https://t.co/KNyFQMQaeU
On holiday  in Turkey https://t.co/MV1CkcAxcN
We will give the power to the people again rid the lands with those who wish us harm take them them to prison have their heads on a plate locked in a prism forever more that will be the last we see of them anymore. Rid them of everything they own so god can sit on the throne.
When I dream at night I see God's eyes that shine so bright like a star in the night I knew this second you were my mr right in the night I fell in  love with you instantly I knew it would be for eternity together we will be a force to be reckoned with. Tbc
Back in my room writing a poem
Back  in my room.I look  like I have been dragged  through  a hedge  backwards
Only got my natwedtl card on me which is my bill a count bet I get  charged rather than give me a over  draft my card was declined  sitting in a bust stop smoking a cigar that a friend gave me remind me of my father
As soon as I am out of here I will be changing my name  to what my mother and father  named me.they spelt  in wrong on my birth certificate  my true name  is mechelle
I fed a Robin and sea gulf with my toast  before  I left.
Good thing get another walk  loving the wind  in my  hair  😍
I am out walk.to the shop to get a vapour  ciggys  hot to the garage. They didn't  give me me my card so walking back
Granny be makes amazing jumpers https://t.co/UuXOb8uxVJ
Jack my little  prince 👑 https://t.co/tLcmFLvNSl
RT @VinceVlosgatos: @RealDonad_Trump Screw Turkey &amp; China. How to get Our Friend Mexico to build the wall. Bring JOBS to Mexico from China,…
I don't watch any movies  I prefer to read a good book.
@EjHirschberger Will never watch any will smiths movies  again.
https://t.co/KTm98mJaxk
My biggest love is dancing  with my children  and grand children
When I was younger  I worked for proto ma nursing. I worked in Tone Vale mental hopispital Musgrove hospital  in Somerset.
My favourite  make up is Elizabeth  Ardentinny.  I am not motivated by money, I'm  motivated  by helping others making a difference  in people's  life's.  Money can't buy happiness.
I have fated four times in life 1st time was when the doctor  told me me  my son  was gone, the other times was when my coil was being fitted and they had to use brute force  to get it in
I have only lost my temper  twice in my life .One was at school  when a girl called my mother a name. I gave her a black eye	 The second  time was when a prefer at my son's school  was bulling him. When I found out, the next day I went to the bus stop grabbed  him  by the throat
I was never popular girl  at school.  I refused  to be brainwashed  by repetitive  learning. My friends were all from broken homes or children's homes.
I received a lovely letter while in hospital  from the son of my next door neighbour,  he thanked me for trying  to save his father.
When I was young a neighbour  was putting kittens into a bucket.I climbed over the fence. Kicked  him and punched  him telling him I would call the police	I took the two kittens home with me and fed them  with milk from a sugar spoon.
My father fought in the war, he saved a Japanese  man's  life even though  they were on opiste  sides.
Loving  games of thrones . On the second  series  now.
Need to Change office  address when I get out to London.
@realDonaldTrump Got my vote
If anyone  one wants to donate clothing food  and anti sickness medic you can send it to christiansempire at my home address 3Prasow  Pyski playing place tr3 6fr.
I once won a ticket to go florida but didn't  go.
I love the smell of  Lillies  roses opium the red  one is my favourite 	I love  the smell  of grass  in the morning  dew and the morning  sun rise and sunset. Rain on my face, wind  in my hair,  I like long walks  with the  sand on my feet.
@GeorgWebb I will put your chanel  on all of my websites. I will also give you  personally  500 sterling. X
@MichaelStollair We are taking our world back to god💑💏👪👫👬👭👲👱👼👷👮👧👦👶
I don't support fox hunting at all. I am afraid  of nothing except  cows. I used to work on a farm when I was 12 and a cow kicked  me in the face.
Looking forward to launching my 3D sport invention. Got finished  product at home. I made them 25 years ago but decided  to sit on it until the time was right.
RT @ssullivan315: The French citizens have literally no balls to stand up for their own!!! This is the difference between Europe and the U.…
RT @2Chron169: .@realDonaldTrump Said years ago our biggest problem is nuclear proliferation &amp; we have a country, North Korea🇰🇵 that is Wac…
I once  won a ticket  for  a weekend  my sister and I both won, I gave her my ticket  so she could  take her husband  instead.
I could draw  Victorian  clothing  from a very  young age without knowing  anything about that period.  I would dream that I was standing in the grounds of what I  know  is the white house.
Doctor still thinks  I'm mentally ill.  I DON HEARTS VOICES IN MY HEAD.I DO NOT HAVE DEPRESSION.  SO FRUSTRATING!! 	I ONLY HAVE ONE THING ON MY  MIND IS THE MAN I IN LOVE WITH😍😈
I dream things before  they happen 	I dreamt  that my son Stephen  died at my sister's  wedding being young I asked the doctor to check  him out she told me he was healthy. He died the day after. I have always  trust my dreams since then .
I once  lived in a castle  in summer set and had a Japanese  garden also a sculpture  off a lady paying a violin  and a tall boy with  a fertility  statue  on top. They all got stolen  from my lock up when  I was moving house.
I am a born again christian and the first time I prayed I was sobbing so hard to ask ask God to protect Donald trump from any harm. During the night god came to me and said the words " Look up and see the flower of life".
Not allowed home but getting leave next week. Yeah get to see little  prince  jack.☺
Watching  games of thrones . I'm so hooked  only on it episode.   😊☺😃
Love polar want a Cape like Demelza in black gold and red and a one way ticket  to paradise  I'm not ticklish unless I want easy courted. I'm dyslexic I remember things in poems got a brain like a seive
I so want a fur hat and coat only fake  fur for me. ☺
I have just finished  another song	I have sent to the real Donald trump inbox.x
My cousin  Jim Carnes  is still fighting for justice  for his son who was given drugs that he was that was recorded  in his records as having alergic  too
My first husband  died because  of NEW cuts.  He was due to have a operation  to remove  his leg above hi knee and when he went to see his consultant  he was on holiday  so he saw another who told him he didn't  need the sugary.  He died on boxing day last year in front of my son
I have  Four tattoos one on my right breast for my mum, another on my hip for my hip for my son . A small tattoo in Chinese  meaning pleasure  on the bottom  of my spine .	I am going to get  2 more when I'm home. Ward round  today @ 1.30 fingers  crossed.
One thing  that being in hospital  has taught me  is I never put myself  first and for  the It time in my life I'm going to put me first. https://t.co/Pu07lzYCoj
https://t.co/pOBdwY1pLo alex jones the real news
https://t.co/N7ObZLc4rE
https://t.co/rLhZcaTwjL
@GeorgiaDirtRoad Admire hillary Clinton, Have you lost your mind? She is a podium she sacrificed  babies  kidnapped children and sold them on the black  Webb see crowd sourse the truth on youtube also alex jones infowars
https://t.co/xr9s136TVA
#blacklivesmatter	#everyones lifes matter💙💓💛
I just spoke to my little  prince jack, he told me about his nativity  play	I wasn't  surprised  when he told me he was a spaceman! 👑👑👑
#blacklivesmatter	#everyones lover matter💙💓💛
#Resist morning  Joe.  You talk out your backside Donald trump is the best best president ever. Your  in the pedos camp then? Same as Cnn
@tedhood16 Donald trump is no racist, he has the biggest heart he hasn't got any evil in him. Love him so very much so back off him.he reminds me  of my father who brought  homeless into our home for Christmas  lunch.
@kwilli1046 @CortesSteve Love watching  fox  news not fake like cnn
Add me on youtube heavens patriots
Just been told my Ward round  is not today it's tomorrow  at 1.30 pm
https://t.co/MjRkNulYcV
Got my Ward  round  today fingers crossed  that I get  home
https://t.co/ESIWkLNs9t
Looking forward  to playing golf with my son's again.😄😉
I have got food poisoning from eating chicken and cramps in the stomach not good.
Thank you I love it.  https://t.co/wCDRQbEhtG
https://t.co/JYW59KMwO3
Just had a visit  from my beautiful  son's and soon 2 be daughter  in laws 😍😍
I want to adopt some children to give them a home of their own I would like one of our own
I would love to run but I can't as all my ligaments are torn in my right leg my ankle fives way I work out in the gym every day and I dance to music as I am a rs a qualified teacher of dance I went to Irvine academy in Scotland Ayrshire.
I'm giving up smoking as soon as I am out of here I have never done hard drugs they destroy people's lives my favourite wine is chatteu nuff De pap
I have just wrote my first song.
My son is coming to see me today  can't wait.
@SofiaGAdvert008 I love  trump  better  together we will change the world
@michelle_mwidd I love Donald J Trump,he is my friend and soon to be my president.  I would take a bullet for him.!
My to do list 	I. Get implant for my back Teath that got knocked out  when my jaw got  broke .2 get my nose  Fixed  broken twice .3 get two tattoos to cover my scars  can't do anything about my scar from glass  on my tummy don't wear necklaces  my throat was cut
@SofiaGAdvert008 Will you marry me
@SofiaGAdvert008 My businesses
@SofiaGAdvert008 Christians empire  international  around the  world
I'm a hopeless  romantic don't you see	All I want is you and me	I will love you for ever more 	You will  never be loved  by anyone  more even if you snore 	I will kiss you every morning  and every  night before we turn of the light.
Need to get my jaw fixed broken both sides and fracture on right cheek
I'm going to fill some containers to send to the Gambia. Susan and I helped race money at the olive Grove bistro  with event evenings.  We build a school  put toilets in  gave them tinned food and seeds to plant compost
I want to get my cousin jean clark back straightend.  She has been helping my friend Martin Rowe with my family tree.
Can't wait to  see my sister Joan dare.she has been diagnosed  with Ms
My friend  Susan Fergus  is going to be collecting my clothes  from home. She is also going to work for the company crown house interia designs . She is also agreed  to sell me 9 Stratton  terrace  falmouth Cornwall uk
I need a solicitor  and hair samples taken from demelza  laura  church she is known to social services in UK. She told police that I  was  going  to strip Jacks skin off to clense  him  which put me in here.
Merry Christmas everyone  hope you  all enjoy your  holidays🎅👼
Managed to get on instagram all by myself what an achievement.
https://t.co/So7SX2AOG9
Just spoke to my Ward Jack.he has a photographic memory. He drew a map of the world including the seven continents he's obsessed with the solar system and can tell you how to create a gravity wave he collects planets I plan to decorate his room for him and get him a telescope.
https://t.co/xQu9otZr4N alex jones
I like nature  program's  love music and dancing.
When I'm out I am going to take flowers to my father's grave my son and my first husbands grave
I am now on face book
Love lingerie  from  kiss me deadly who are my wholesalers for  blush boutique
I am going to sponsor  my son's Liam knight and Samuel widdicombe who both race ktm 's and quad bikes
The worst thing to do is lie to me
Something I have overcome  since being in here is eating a banana
I will be here until the 11th   of January  for my tribunal then I'm going home to collect my Ward  and go around the world.  My favourite  place is moi samurai  ban taling nam. Thialand.
All I want for Christmas  is you.
RT @TimothyBair: @SteveForbesCEO Catherine Herridge uncovered 2 years ago: "Clinton Emails Were Classified Under Executive Order Signed By…
RT @CarmeliteNick: Pre-Christmas Checking for The Frank Friar -- https://t.co/0bhH26WSI3 https://t.co/8tPmtSma3m
I don't  care if people Don't belive me all the things that I had said has happened to me my earliest memory was between 3 &amp; 4 I was raped in a graveyard and told the devil was real I had puppies heads sacrificed in front of me I was raped multiple times I don't lie period.
Oops  should  I be worried  now
The hospital has said if the real Donald trump wants me to get out of here then can he ring the office to tell them I am his friend the number is UK 0300 343 5706
Black gold coffee machine pigeon pot bistro boutique The crusser taste of india V &amp; D night club
Logo needed for Blush diamonds. Birds of p birds of paradise head dresses Jacks traps just like this Roland robes la breeze chiffron gowns the children's trust Rozas lingerie - infused with pheromones the cornish closet the sixpence society iP service house of m house of steel
Need a logo  for  la chocolate box bistro boutique. The poppy pot shop. The spotty shop. The Cornish hotel boutique. Mortal coil corset company. The highlander  hotel. Kindred §port night club.
In every nation far and wide I wish you could see me as a bride.
today my mind is dull of memories of you I will always love you forever more my heart aches every single day since you were taken away I wish you could stay with me forever more and dance on your feet some more I'm going to make you proud I'm going to help the crowd. Tbc
@sayeed805 perfect for heavens patriots on the back of bomber jackets
Listening  to the boys  singing to me.
Need a logo for the mustard pot  shop.the chirpy  chicken  fun club.  The junction  cut barber  shop. Bens  dens  camping equipment. Joes clothing boutique. Joans Stoves.the petrol peacock beauty boutique
Need logo for  lion heart motels. Private  security  solutions.  The black  pearl bistro boutique .Stokers chokers. The chop shop https://t.co/RJM4DOH4NW house events  crown house holiday  Jamies jams.jacks racks 	Jamies mussels seafood bar. Bella bags  boutique
Need a logo for lady  luxe . Lady Lucy  boutique. Black Diamond  hotel boutique. 	Corset  couture.  Kiki boutique.  Victoria velvet boutique 	Bound by obsession  corset boutique. Lion heart hotel
Baby bloomers adventure trail camping and outdoors the mug bug jobs lo clothing boutique The ribbon rabbit boutique the secret squirrel children's clothes the baby moor store the deco denims company angel couture bridal wear bohemian	Clothing boutique beyond vintage clothing
7th heaven bistro boutique The honey breeze air freshener company la bell bistro boutique art deco and jewellery elliot sisters art deco clothing Bo Ho boutique Lillies bed steads baby p and me is baby wear and maternity bears boutique teddy bear shop mayhem fabric shop
Christians empire super store, the diva vibe night club the filter pillars the lady's lounge gym the shoe shack the blue bar jazz club the slipper gin bar Ginnys Gins the slippery snake the prostate stimulator Johhans bistro boutique The haven cons the rotten log compost company
Need logo for the house of vista- TVs, mobile phones etc, lovely lotto goth clothing like, rainbow homes, rainbow cars hire company just jules Eco friendly lab diamonds the trans club the lube tube various flavours the ring thing, putins  pumps christians technicolour world
Misty the lingerie boutique, jin chimney sweep, the flicker clicker, the golden gurdle girls, the back pack company, the pure heart yoghurts, sentious scents, the tree dens, the royal Robin bistro boutique, the diva duster, diva designs, cafe nice spice, the templers arms,
Need a logo for Christians crypto currency, christians cards, the cosmots collect your own aliens, the j rocket children's toy, inas China,  the crown inn public house, Chicago rock cafe and bar, hills wills, black ivory cocktail bar boutique
I AM A INVENTER OF 3D CREATIVE  CRAFTS. INVENTER  OF THE JAY ROCKET AND THE POWER FLOWER
I was manager /partner at the olive  Grove bistro in perrin a worthal, Truro . I ache ved 5 stars gold chef award. Voted best in Cornwall by peelers  food rewiew.
I am a iso I am also a iso 9001 system aoditor quality control. I write health and safety for chas    construction  line .
Practically from the age of 18 I have always worked for myself my first business was called nippers my second business was visual security I www awarded the contract from the environmental agency in bodmin my third business was self employed where I won contract for 7 million.
Hilary clinton  and her pack black mailed a lot of people invited them to espiems Ireland and spike their drinks with drugs took picture's of young girls in compromising positions. Prince Andrew included a picture with prince Andrew he was not guilty of anything apart from  photo
My favourite  colours  are mustard gold. Cherry red  and black
Been writing some poetry  one one for my father allan John camellias maclean  and one for the love of my life
Hilary prefers girls rather  than boys
Hillary  clinton  and her pack are all pedos
They took my laptop off me and r Olympic allowed  under supervision  so no presies for children and grand children this year
Dr birds thinks  I'm a hoe  she gets  off om
@SofiaGAdvert008 Not  for  me
From  today  I am am on a hunger  strike  until they let me out
They won't  let me out for Christmas  soon ooh sad
Niger farage  do you want a job CEO
I have a painting  for you, it's called the spirit  of love
I now know why my father and fathers father died.  Both of them were  masons
Not getting out at 2.30  .my Ward round is 3.30 pm
Need a logo  for victoras	 velvet 	Bound by obsession  . Tight  lace corsets	Kiki boutique 	Indi designs boutique
@RealDonad_Trump please private  me so I can show in my	Ward round that I am telling the truth  about the business  as they don't  belive  me.
Leaving  for home around 2.30 can't  wait to see  you.
SEND THE CLINTONS TO PRISON	SEND THEM TO 4 CORNERS  OF THE UNIVERSE. NEVER LET THEM FEEL THE EARTH BENEATH  OUR FEET, NEVER LET THE AIR THAT  FILLS OUR LUNGS,	NEVER LET THEM FEEL WATER THAT  GIVES US LIFE, NEVER LET THEM FEEL THE WARMTH OF OUR HEARTS,SEND THEM TO PRISON IN PARTS
I have decided  that I am going to manufacture  my inventions
Tired but can't  sleep
Need logo for The sea view  inn	The border shoe  shop	The tree house. Children's den	The 3rd heritage  creative crafts 	3D creative  craft national flags 	3rd logo design		4D creative  crafts
Need a logo for house of Man	Torksey truck's 	Cathy cakes	Tamsin tarts 	Rainbow  pots 	Rainbow cars	Purdah purses	Fine fix DAY store	Fine fix home improvements
https://t.co/RQQnglyA0v	Hi thanks  for  getting in touch. Will contact you when I'm home it's if you send me your details   I will get back to you. Warm  regards
Hillary clinton and her pack should be given lethal injection for all the children that they sacrificed raped, murdered that's worse than myra Hindley, pure evil I can't believe people still support them John podesta killed his own son that's Democrats for u and u vote for them?
You are the worst human beings in  in the whole thing the world  both a pair of pedos. You should be  locked up and given a lethal injection for what u did to those kids https://t.co/xYLyqMBUnM
The cosmots collect your own aliens figures and cards
The railways are going to be great again  starting after the holidays
My heart goes out to the family  and friends of those who  were injured  and those who lost love ones  ..sending love and light to you all
Hardly any time to get gifts so painting some pity res for Donald and family  and my new best friend  Vladimir
Think I have the perfect  number  plate going to get back to me tomorrow
Writing  a poem  for the man I'm going to marry
Looking for a couple for my business  private message me if you are looking for a change
So sad going to  miss Jacks school  Christmas play  as it's at 11 am   and home treatment  not  seeing me until 3.30 pm
The jgut exercise equipment rainbow homes 	The trans  club	Robot parts	Spyglass antiques 	Kindred spirit club
Need a logo  for 3 creative homes	- 3rd printing 3rd creative crafts thinking of different sports shooting out of frames 	Secret garden 3rd creative garden shooting out of frames
The Cornish Blush boutique 	The slipper gin bar	Ginnys Gins wholesale	Lillies ponds	Four winds hotel 	House of Johan department store
Hilary's Lillies 	Eager beavers	The commuter tube 	Vlads cabs	The snuggle bugs	The snuggle rugs	The white pepper company fine linens egyptian cottons and silks	Sugar and spice bistro boutique 	Bella mecha lingerie infused with pheromones
Erics mobility walking sticks	Sams camper vans	Makevs sportswear	Little legs boutique 	The bowling bird alley	Victorian orangery 	The demolition hub	Marlows marshmallows wholesale 	Jamies cream - moisturiser for men
Need logos for the rotten log compost	Avankas stamps tattoo parlour	The hummingbird boutique 	Jack traps waste food	The better builders company	Better move removal company	The flat pack store 	The perfect plasterer company
Now I have to register  domains  for them all
Need logos for inas Chinas 	Black ivory cocktail bar 	The rum and raisin cocktail bar and grill 	Christians empire children's trust	Just like this clothing boutique
Jacks cricket bats	Qa solutions quality auditors	The lost boys story books 	Junction cut hair salon barbers	Bens dens camping equipment	Nathan s newts boutique 	Eco homes	Eco diamonds lab grown	Vlads pad
Need a logo for blaires chairs	The breeze bar n grill	The pop up potty	The black pearl public house 	Stokers chokers jewellery boutique	Kiss Me. Com	The chop shop food prep wholesale 	Crown house events	Blush brushes boutique 	Taste of thailand bistro boutique 	Jamies jams
Need a logo for the haven inn	The honey breeze. Air freshners 	7th heaven perfume boutique 	la belle art deco lighting boutique 	Sweet pea house residential homes 	Tracy's treats- sweet shop	Plenty of fish seafood bar
Need logos for bohemian  clothing boutique 	Alan clothing boutique 	The shirt shack 	Beyond vital age clothing boutique 	The block pearl hotel boutique 	The trump trust crnyrr
Logo for angle  boutique 	The ribbon rabbit 	The mug bug boutique 	Clarence  couture  children's  clothes	Baby more store	Denium decos boutique
Logo needed for  restless sea .wave machine 	Jacks bins.toy boxes 	The Boho boutique 	Lilleshall bed steady	The gifted fox shop
Nee logos for luxe linen boutique 	Lulaby baby  boutique 	Blush makeup boutique 	The sunset  club holiday  travel  agent 	Secrets  clothing  hotel  boutique 	Rock around the clock .dance  halls
Logo needed for connect finding your perfect  psrtner
The pigeon  pot bistro boutique 	The Cussler taste of Russia	V&amp;D night club	The coffee pot shop
The box frame shop	Black gold coffeeshop
Hidden gem couture boutique 	The puppets masters	Just Jenny Italian work wear	The six pence society iP service for singers and song writers 	Sutherlands scarfs	The rudden rock diamond's boutique 	Lauras lashes- beauty 	Lauren dens play houses	Trudys treasures	The house of steel
The Cornish hotel group	The highlander hotel 	Mortal coil clothing boutique 	Rozas lingerie boutique- Italian luxury 	The corset closet couture corsets and affordable luxury 	The baby bees children's boutique- clothing and shoes	Hidden gem cards	blush bridal boutique
The petrol peacock boutique 	Joans stoves 	Bella Mia hotel boutique	Crown house property management holiday let's	La shell boutique 	Heathers feathers boutique 	La chocolate box	La cat box- luggage boxes etc	The poppy pots boutique 	The spotty pots bags purses luggage
The chirpy chicken- children's nursery 	The pin pot boutique 	Joes clothes boutique 	The tweety boutique jewellery  ceramics	Children's clothing	The olive Grove bistro boutique 	The Cornish garden centre- nursery 	Bella beauty boutique 	The mustard pot
Spice cafe	Templers arms public house	Labreeze boutique 	The tapas bar boutique 	Russian roulette night club	Chicago rock cafe and bar 	Jamies muscles seafood tapas bar	Jacks racks boutique 	Bella bags boutique
Need a logo  for the  girdle boutique 	The diva duster 	Diva designs 	Cafe spice 	The templers arms	The house of vista 	Mobile phone network 	Christian empire homes	Housing association 	Affordable rents
Need logo need for	Beas boutique 	Divine diva boutique
Logos for noels nibblers- truffles 	Flip flop shop	The red head boutique 	Bella beauty boutique 	The property stock shop	The sushi salad bar	Miss posh corset boutique 	Dye style boutique 	Lady Lucy rubber macintosh 	Black Diamond corset boutique 	Kitty couture boutique
Need a logo for	Honey  free beauty boutique 	The block rock pestal chopping boards	Wise wills the rising sun bistro 	The golden lion hotel boutique	Taste of India bistro boutique	Dotty dolly shoes	The lobster pot bistro boutique 	The glitz glamour boutique
Need design s for 	Golden girls hair salon	Dare to bare lingerie	Vintage  charm	Spectrum  cosmetics
Need a design  for flirty florals
Need a design for labelling art deco shop
Need logo design for blush botique
Love old Hollywood look for glamour  vixens who want to shout I did it my way  models needed all shapes and sizes  wanted 😈😇😴
Love tight lacing corsets. Want to design my own  need design  students who are looking to make a name for their self
I have several ideas for for coats jackets my botique called heavons patriots  can anyone help with this?
Be great if I could  drive home in my car tomorrow.
Hopefully my car will arrive tomorrow  from  falmouth  garage  church road penryn going to need one for getting  around  for work
Looking forward to the the olive Grove bistro  in perrin a two thalidomide Truro  on the 21st  to see lucid Drayton the voice of a angel
#LauraCosentino  I am also a reborn  artist  awarded  best in the top fitly reborn  artist of the world   😇
Think I'm falling in love with you
Going to Taunton on Saturday  going to watermans  with my friends and  family
My appointment  with tribunal  is on the 11th and if  your too busy can you ask clad to come ?
Can't wait to move to the Newyork  Trump Tower here I come!
@SofiaGAdvert008 Going to need help with promoting   christians empire  international ltd
Going  home on Tuesday  looking  a hot bath!
Hilary clinton and her pack		The men that raped me	inside and out	All I could was scream and shout	I curled on the floor	And said no more	My blood dried on the floor.
John podesta and Tony podesta were in Spain when maddy disappeared
Awan brothers working for Clintons set up rat lines for the children for drugs for one laundering. Drugs bought in from north Korea which funded their nuclear weapons.
Murder of seth rich see https://t.co/LMggDIdIaf on youtube.	Check wiki leaks for Clinton emails and John podesta. The word handkerchief means a child.
Devil worshipping Clinton and her pack child sacrifice see spirit cooking what is spirit cooking? Pizza gate is child pedos John podesta abusing a child voice analysis matches his voice known as skippy. See alex jones info wars youtube. Pedos alex jones and the Vatican
Clinton and her pack child trafficking selling children and solsd on the black Web pay to play.	See alex jones info wars and Jason goodman and George Webb crowd source the truth.
Twin towers bought down by the Clintons George Bush see twin tower 9/11 evidence that won't go away on youtube.	Child trafficking see George Webb and Jason goodman also alex jones youtube info wars crowd source the truth youtube.
@TUIUK I'm good with that
CAN SOME HELP WITH THE LAUNCH OF LINGERIE THAT WILL BE STOCKED IN MY BOUTIQUE, WITH A FASHION SHOW, MODELS, PROCEEDS #KILLCANCER
can someone help me with a name for the foudation?
CAN SOMEONE HELP ME TO SET UP A FOUNDATION
CAN SOMEONE HELP ME  WITH BRANDING FOR CORNISH CLOSET
Can anyone help me with branding 3D sports craft?
Can anyone help me with branding with 3D CRAFT FLOWER CRAFT
can anyone help me with branding the white Pepper Company?
CAN SOMEONE HELP ME WITH BRANDING CONTENT FOR CORNISH BLUSH COMPANY?
Big Thankyou to Sue Fergus from Crown House who is going to do the Interior of my Boutiques.
cAN ANYONE TELL ME THE PROCEDURES TO REMOVE GLASS IN MY FOOT IT HAPPENED 7 YEARS AGO. I THINK ITS MOVED, BECAUSE ITS LIKE WALKING ON GLASS.
I will be launching White Pepper Boutique Very soon, with all  the profits to those who need dental Care around the world
I never saw the Devil Doctor again as I was so scared of the pain,  so I pulled my own so I wouldn't see her again.
I was 11 when to the Dentist from hell she drilled my tooth without any meds.  So I went home and cried in my bed.
@OliveGroveCafe  Thankyou to you all for all your support. You listened to My  story of my Trauma in my life who I worked to support love u https://t.co/xpfvI65dcd
RT @bocavista2016: JUST A REMINDER		THIS same #FBI is controlling "what we know" about the #LasVegasShooting ...		😐		#Trump #MAGA #Tucker #…
RT @michelle_mwidd: @Dan__Persson TO THE CHILDREN AROUND THE WORLD, RISE UP AND EXPOSE THE TRUTH. FOR GOD IS COMING TO WIPE THEM OUT TO HEL…
RT @Dan__Persson: Your glory shines from the heavens O Ancient of Days. How long before we see Your righteous Hand? Let Your Kingdom Come.…
@Dan__Persson TO THE CHILDREN AROUND THE WORLD, RISE UP AND EXPOSE THE TRUTH. FOR GOD IS COMING TO WIPE THEM OUT TO HELP MY STORY TO GET OUT.
@Dan__Persson TO HILARY CLINTON GOD IS COMING TO KICK YOUR ASS. YOU ARE A NOBODY NOW  AS GODS CHILDREN HAVE GOT HIS BACK
RT @ErniHaesloop: #EuropaAfricaUS	HOLY SPIRIT HELP US 2 OBEY THE WORD OF GOD IJCN👑
RT @Dan__Persson: The Lord is not slow in keeping His promise. Instead He is patient with you, not wanting anyone to perish. 	2 Peter 3	#Eu…
RT @LindaRaeburn: #EuropaAfricaUs  		TO  GOD  BE  THE  GLORY 🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵	FOR  THE  THINGS  HE  HAS  DONE 	HALLELUJAH 	GLORY TO GOD IN THE  HIGH…
RT @MariKolthoff: Pray without ceasing 🔑 #EuropaAfricaUS https://t.co/wuYRAsDnKr
RT @Dan__Persson: Lift up your heads, you gates; be lifted up, you ancient doors, that the King of glory may come in. PS24	#LetYourKingdomC…
RT @MariKolthoff: Faith #EuropaAfricaUS https://t.co/F6wSU38QKv
RT @Heavensangel67: Pray without ceising #EuropaAfricaUS https://t.co/gkxYQrz26h
RT @LindaRaeburn: #EuropaAfricaUs  	JESUS    NAME ABOVE ALL NAMES
RT @LindaRaeburn: #EuropaAfricaUs  	THANK YOU LORD	YOU ARE CHANGING US EVERY DAY	EVERY CELL GETS RENEWED DAILY	SO IT IS WE CHANGE 	WE SURRE…
RT @MariKolthoff: Don't worry #EuropaAfricaUS https://t.co/5NtP48A9Nr
RT @Heavensangel67: To hear	To believe	To obey	The Word of God	#EuropaAfricaUs https://t.co/m68IENNfgR
RT @EllahieCooking: God is able2bless you abundantly,that in all things at all times,having all that you need,you will abound in every good…
RT @EllahieCooking: Our heavenlyFather for the sake of Your SON our Saviour Lord #JesusChrist	Deliver us from the evil one	#Empower us 4 vi…
RT @MariKolthoff: Set your 💙...#EuropaAfricaUS https://t.co/Cc08y1kBrH
RT @ErniHaesloop: #EuropaAfricaUS	LORD JESUS WE THANK YOU 4 YOUR BLOOD WHICH YOU SHED ON THE CROSS 4 THE REMISSION OF OUR SINS.	THEREisPOWE…
RT @EllahieCooking: @Heavensangel67 Our Saviour Lord #JesusChrist said	Do not be discouraged #keep on praying	Luke 18:1-8	#always #pray wit…
RT @EllahieCooking: Bless The #Eternal One	For He has revealed His gracious #love to me	when I was #trapped like a city under siege	#Almigh…
RT @EllahieCooking: O Lord	You are wonderful,and while everyone watches	You store up blessings for all who honour and trust	#FearTheLord #p…
RT @Dan__Persson: Father, may this coming week be one of less violence and one of more peace throughout the earth. May Your Presence reign.…
RT @Heavensangel67: For in You, O Lord, I hope; You wiĺl hear &amp; answer, O Lord my God. #EuropaAfricaUs https://t.co/8y7xOwE1sW
TO HILARY CLINTON  &amp; HER PACK. WE ARE TAKING OUR LIVES BACK https://t.co/wKDrx2bYAJ
RT @TresDeplorable: corruption ✔️ Pay4Play✔️ Double Standard✔️Bribery✔️NationalSecurityatRisk✔️Uranium✔️Tarmac✔️ sethRich✔️ RealCollusion…
Doctor here again, now giving me antipsychotic drug and tranquilizers
they are here to take me into into the hospital, even mark has agreed that I'm insane so guess the wedding is off im going to sneak out
I need HELP WITH SETTING THAT UP?
I  WILL BE SETTING UP A CHARITY WHICH BE BASED  IN NEW YORK WITH 100%  0F  THE PROFITS  GOING  MAKE A POSITIVE IMPACT IN THE LIVES OF PEOPLE
HILLARY CLINTON THIS IS A POEM I DID FOR  YOU https://t.co/HQpWb3pLpd
Thank you to my friend @Mariebird01 who as offered to photograph my boutique, of the models that had cancer profits  to  # killcancer https://t.co/spnVzDRbP9
Thank you to my friend @Mariebird01  who will be publishing my poems that I wrote to show the children that we care
THANK YOU TO MY FRIEND @Mariebird01 FOR AGREEING TO PUBLISH Jacks pictures which will be shown around the world, which he did for me https://t.co/G8lFIxZzbH
I WENT TO TOWN I WALKED DOWN THE ROAD WHERE AP EDO WAS	SO I GAVE HIM A BLANKET, SOME CHIPS FULL OF FAT TO KEEP HIM ALIVE , UNTIL HIS ARREST
I WENT INTO THE CENTER IN MY TOWN, MET SO BEAUTIFUL AND STRONG, i READ THEM MY POEMS TO LET THEM KNOW I CARE.
JUST SHARED MY STORY TO THE WOLD OF FACEBOOK
I WILL BE LETTING A BLOONS IN MEMORY OF CHILDREN WHO LOST A LIFE FROM PEDOPHILIA  FROM 5,45 PM
ITS GOING TO BE SOME BAD WEATHER AHEAD https://t.co/13VpyBrS6S
My sister that died, had been told it was Joanne, her Birth name Johan   passed away 1959
I will be sending a Balloon Into the sky with my poem inside in memory of the children who Died  from Pedophilia  at 5.45pm UK TIME https://t.co/AjpnXAgfaE
I will soon be opening CornishCloset, where those who wish to sell their handmade Items. ALL Profits for those who need care https://t.co/EYNVf7Z3pp
My Mum named a rose in my name and planted it In her Garden.  But when she died they put weed killer so my rose so it would die too. https://t.co/ItHvzgV686
#LoveurMum file:///C:/Users/Shelley/Downloads/LOGO%20CORNISH%20BLUSH.webp https://t.co/mE18hgaDpy
They Hid the picture I did in memory of my mother so no one would see.  My Memories of my Mother are with Me.
@laurahatton7  Thank you for your help to create a  Family Tree for me, 	I love your store, I had a look last night. 	Love Mechelle. https://t.co/aQ84PtHTuT
I Just remembered That I trademark a design that  I did in memory of my Mother. She came to stay we sat watching Tall ships out at sea.
@IvankaTrump  would you help I want to open a Boutique, stocking my favorite Lingerie from Kiss me deadly range. I have a wholesale account
I will be Launching a Boutique this December Stocking Kiss Me Deadly Lingerie With Profits going to  To Our Heros who we all so much.
I'm so my uncle Micheal, known to me and my Sisters as Uncle Nicky, who was a Liverpool supporter, so I made my prototype for him.
the little boy that God sent to me is drawing pictures to put in a balloon to show to tell  GOD to give to children in the universe https://t.co/AulXxqxfxM
PRAY TO OUR LORD JESUS  #RIDtheEVILinTheUniverse https://t.co/r4bXnVbgv0
RT @THETRUMPBUREAU: HAVING A FABULOUS #SUNDAY WITHOUT THE @NFL 	#MAKESUNDAYSGREATAGAIN 	I'M NOT WATCHING AN ARROGANT PACK OF #NARCISSISTIC…
RT @EuroGuido: WATCH McDonnell: Labour Would Accept Any EU Deal [VIDEO] https://t.co/NnvBkCk1Ua https://t.co/4V3bETihtt
RT @BethanyJuno: Honoring Staff Sgt. Ty Carter, US Army 🇺🇸	https://t.co/IM16Qbr5bl https://t.co/xcnmRPdW0x
RT @AlbertoRavell: La oposición venezolana diseñó un plan para trasladar a los votantes reubicados por el Consejo Nacional Electoral https:…
RT @StandWithUs: Utter insanity https://t.co/vSMzRe5ROa
RT @ruthhall1: Woohooo!! @CoopParty #coop100 https://t.co/9xj3VRZWIM
RT @DebbieJaneWilli: Wow! @paulgerrard1971 delivering a powerful message on modern slavery. How are we going to co-operate and lead the way…
Children of God tell the world your story of your abuse in Rome,  #GODISCOMING2SETUFREE  #UNITEDWESTAND2TAKEGODSHAND #RIDTHISEVILFROMOURLAND https://t.co/38ynDKq6lN
I fight for truth because #ourLordJesustolme2 , Ido this for him without fear and I know the end is near. https://t.co/LWtqisokml
The Pope was put in place by The Clinton Cartel to Destroy our Faith in God and our #LOVE4JESUSCHRIST. #YOUWILLNEVERDISTROYMYfaith.#pedopope https://t.co/tmlimS19Wp
@Lrihendra That's so beautiful and safe loving bonding	👼👼👼👼👼
I Keep getting emails from ghost writers?
RT @Chicago1Ray: New Orleans Cop Marcus McNeil 	Gunned down by this Punk Darrin Bridges Overnight !		#PrayForTheFamily 		#BackTheBlue 		#Bl…
Any News from Rome #thepedopope
@kallman_tom  So True, when I was very youngIdreamt that I was look walking past a big white house, I loved drawing victorian dresses
I entered a competition some years ago with my sister she won one ticket &amp; had the other for I gave her mine so she could take her husband. https://t.co/zUf6dI4lUb
OBAMA IS GAY, tHE CHILDRE BELONG TO THERE FRIENDS
JOAN RIVERS WAS KILLED because she told on camera that Michelle was a tranny
@pixie_blonde @z_Synthesis_z CNN = Clinton News Network
@pixie_blonde @z_Synthesis_z Barry worked for the Deep as CIA agent and was very good, he had acting tuition for a year, before running, The deep State people would vote
@pixie_blonde @z_Synthesis_z WATCH FOX NEWS
@pixie_blonde @z_Synthesis_z OBAMA was a plant from the deep state, He wasn't  Born in Hawaii His Real name is Barry
@pixie_blonde @z_Synthesis_z Obamacare was a way for him to cream money off the top to fund Extreme Groups.
@z_Synthesis_z We Pay National Insurance contribution of our wages, low wage is very little. The Rich pay more, but they tend to go private
@z_Synthesis_z It is the worst, In the UK and on a low income you receive an exemption card, so you don't pay anything for medical treatment &amp; dental work
couldn't Find my glasses. You all understood what I meant.
Hilary Clinton and her Pac should have all assets frozen their  victims can bring suit for comensation.
#dragonsden Do you want to help me to make a positive impact in the lives of children? If its a No @realDonaldTrump #WilLFIREYOU'
@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/MK6DUdgeP7
@realDonaldTrump  email sent to my message box https://t.co/yGZOYPdtM8
Corey FeldmanYour story inspired me to tell my story and @realDonaldTrump gave me the courage to tell it to the world #ILOVETRUMP
When I was 8 they put a firework in my hood while every laughed.
I was drugged several times during  from my abusers
RT @kwilli1046: These Guys Get Paid Less Than 35k &amp; Risk Their Lives.. These Chumps Feel Oppressed. Retweet if Chumps are Losers. https://t…
reborn dolls wanted for a child who has suffered abuse #donateAdoll2seeAchldsSmile
I JUST OUT MY HUSBAND TO BE IS A DISTANT RELATION TO SIR ELTON JOHN, THEY WENT TO HIS CONCERT BUT WERE NOT ABLE TO GIVE HIM THE LETTER
How are you doing today, Spies that have eyes have been following hidden camera within your Pac.your going to prison 4 the rest of your life
To all doll Artist around the world please give a doll for children in need, to make a pledge  with your details  #Adoll4asmile https://t.co/JSlKOutlbS
@realDonaldTrump FOR NOBEL PEACE PRIZE.THE HERO
RT @MEL2AUSA: We the people have spoken and we’re DONE with Hollywood. #BoycottHollywood https://t.co/qnI1Ui08k4
RT @TresDeplorable: Hollywood treats these Despicable  crimes as .. “ how’s the weather today? “	#FakeHollywood #Complicit #MonkeyCircus #S…
RT @eissolomon11: #HarveyWeinstein #Hollywood &amp; #DCSwamp . 🤔 #SaturdayMorning #FridayThe13th  what’s Scarier than this ? #FridayFeeling  Yo…
RT @GartrellLinda: HOLLYWOOD IS DEAD AFTER WHAT TUCKER CARLSON JUST EXPOSED TO JEFF SESSION	WILL THERE BE RAPE OR PEDOPHILIA CHARGES?	 http…
RT @LeahR77: Hollywood NOW wants credit for BRAVERY in coming out against Predator Weinstein after enabling him 4 Decades &amp; calling US all…
RT @rosemcgowan: 4) @jeffbezos I am calling on you to stop funding rapists, alleged pedos and sexual harassers. I love @amazon but there is…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Ahhh Hollywood, our moral authority. What would we do without their guidance? https://t.co/Jjv3BRwzMi
#LOCKTHEMUP https://t.co/5fmtXlUnxm
@KimDotcom So pleased about that, now maybe mental health team will go help some who needs them. Thank you for getting justice for Seth, see you soon x
HILARY Clinton &amp; HER PAC RAPE &amp; MURDER SO PEOPLE ARE AFRAID TO SPEAK OUT. I AM NOT A VICTIM. I AM A SURVIVOR. #LOCKTHEMUP
RT @piersmorgan: Watching Hillary Clinton still whining/excusing away on The One Show.	Looks &amp; sounds so diminished. 	Sad &amp; borderline path…
RT @TomFitton: Third fed court rejects "defend Hillary Clinton" arguments by Trump agencies.@RealDonaldTrump needs to clean house.  https:/…
RT @arttavana: Clinton: I can't know for sure exactly how much money I took from Harvey Weinstein	Answer: $1,492,673.45 since 1999 https://…
went to party on the way back, they left me.I sat down hoping they  come back, police came.to help but lied 2 the  judge I remember it all.
#BREXITNOW Listen to the people, #WEWANTOUT NO MORE CHANCES NO MORE VOTES, YOU HAD OUR ANSWER, RESPECT THE PEOPLE BORN IN THE UK https://t.co/IoaU7Wk187
Every person are friends With Hillary Clinton should be Investigated BY THE FBI. They are holding hands with the Devil. https://t.co/77ZgVASvkd
Abuse of a child leaves so many scars, not just your mind but your body too. HILARY CLINTON I HATE YOU. DEATH SENTENCE YOU DESERVE YOU PERVE
I was dragged down a Alley way by a man  when I was 15, but I started shouting for someone to help.
DOCTORS NOTES SHOWED A REQUEST SEVERAL YRS BEFORE FOR A XRAY, WHICH DID NOT HAPPEN, WE READ THE NOTES, WHEN HE LEFT THE NOTES WERE GONE
It was not cancer that killed my Mum, They gave her paracetamol for a pain in her neck when she was moved to another ward. &amp; discharged her
The Doctor was Dr Richardson  east street, Taunton Somerset.
When I 11 I always had a bronchitis, so I went to the doctor, He put his fingers in m I then told me he would send a xray, it never happened
@Reborn_Showcase . would consider donating a doll for a child who has been abused, to Auction. Please contact me if you would like to donate https://t.co/jzWqDVHEhw
@OfficialReborns #childsmileday Would you donate a doll to see a childs smile who has been abused, see how many we get #IwantAchildsmile https://t.co/dJIF4a34a0
Curious about #ClintonCrimeCartel? Check out George Webb's investigative Videos: https://t.co/0wIPxtketF  Supplemental Evidence:
#GeorgeWebb #JasonGooman #JulianAssange #DonaldJTrump My parents would be very proud of you all.
`The Piper's Mirror` music vid by @thesunpilots. Chapter VI from `King of the Sugarcoated Tongues`.https://t.co/VFfvqG5zKE #TheSunpilots #np
I will be auctioning a Doll made by yours truly to raise money for children in Need  Send your pledge to @realDonaldTrump,  #Children1st https://t.co/hZJKlci3JX
I SURVIVED SEXUAL ABUSE, NEGLECT, BULLYING, DROWNING, CAR CRASHES, EXPLOSIONS, FINANCIAL RUIN, DEATHS, THEY DEPRIVED ME OF MY FAMILY HISTORY https://t.co/NFxkN4yBSF
My father  was a diver and got into trouble, in deep water , dolphin took him to the surface, he lost a lung, HE died  from lung cancer.
when my sister was 5, they set fire to a chair in the front room, and left, but my father woke and carried the chair outside.
Corey FeldmanYour story inspired me to tell my story of my  Expose them to the world Name Names, #setthechildrenfree
@staceyxnewburnx Pedophilia is the worst crime ever to be told, help them to tell you  the story of there story of  there life.
I found a certificate in my memory box star  ISD 0030754, Location M30 that I named THE CELTICGEIST STAR, situated within CAPRICORNUS
My cousin is back to court again 7th year  for justice 4 death of his son he was given penicillin several times despite being on his records
@RobertW196255  love your poem Robert.
Why do Doctors wait until someone has a blood clot  or bleeding from various veins.
#BuyBritishDay  Housebound  Pensioner Beverley from Famouth Cornwall UK knits the most beautiful Aron Jumpers, Hats and much more. . https://t.co/3DWXv5mOH2
@CoutureBeans I am sure I will.
my engagement ring is being made  from, a art deco ring mounted with a stone my mother left me.  jewellerymakingcornwall@yahoo.com . IN LOVE
THANK YOU TO THE PERSON WHO CALLED THE MENTAL HEALTH TEAM TO VISIT MY HOME, IT GAVE ME THE  THE CHANCE TO  GIVE SOME LINKS TO FIND THE TRUTH
they know i have a partner and his name, but they asked if my husband was home?
I GAVE MY NUMBER TO SOMEONE YESTERDAY FAKE INVESTORS
COMING AT 11 AM UK TIME
JUST HAD A CALL, FROM MENTAL HEALTH SAYING THEY ARE COMING TO SEE ME ASKED IF MY HUSBAND IS HOME?
@LYHInteriors1 Every day for the past year a cat walks around my around my garden fence, Then sits on my shed all day , x
Hollywood sexual predators: Harvey Weinstein and now Ben Affleck...	...who is next? HILLARY CLINTON AND HER PAC.		#HollywoodHypocrites
@ilo Our Children are our future #Blessthechildren
THOSE WHO MIX WITH PEDOPHILES OFTEN GET THERE CHILDREN TAKEN INTO TEMPORARY CARE, BE CAREFUL OF THIS WOMAN, SHE IS NOT WHO YOU THINK SHE IS.
@Lord_Sugar  Would you like to help me make a positive Impact on the lives of Children. With my 3D Creative Craft Kits,
I see clearly Now. I Won a contract 5 m contact with the Environmental Agency to monitor the Rivers,I Signed a guarantee not for me,
Hollywood The spies have eyes, that are hidden above, they have night vision cameras that see in the dark, spying on your lives #TELTHETRUTH
@donaldlgay @bbusa617 Hillary,  Have lost your mind, Maybe you should go see a Doctor, I'm sure Seth Rich Parents can recommend a hospital to care for you?
Jesus is watching from heaven above,He feels my energy &amp; my love.	I Called for him to  hold my hand to help wipe out the evil on every land https://t.co/7GQBOdPrf4
3.16, For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son that who believes in him shall not perish but have eternal  life https://t.co/bLlCfAZWhr
.	Clan MacLean	Clan MacLean (/mækˈleɪn/ (About this sound listen); Scottish Gaelic: Clann .
This Mortal Coil-Song To The Siren Lyrics https://t.co/0WolbDj9Yp via @YouTube
@Carolde Do no what happened, I thought I was contact the woman who  was asking for Donald to be assassinated ,He can throw me in jail for a day. xx
Book of Timothy - God has not given us the spirit of fear, but of power &amp; love &amp;  a sound mind. Hilary Clinton Is the Devil https://t.co/VcHfgjPP3e
MY MISS MY FATHER https://t.co/ayMlC6nDao
TO ALL MY ABUSERS MY STORY IS OUT SO ALL OF THIS EVIL WILL BE WIPED OUT.     SO TELL GOD YOUR STORY AND SPEAK OUT;
By talking about sexual abuse,neglect Is the hardest story to tell, only by talking with person who understands will help  #TheDifference
Statement from Crooked Hillary. You were not shocked when your husband raped those women, You were not shocked when you murdered so many,
I WILL NEVER BE TOLD ITS MY FAULT.  I NOW LOVE THE COLOUR BLUE , I LOVE TO LOOK  UP TO THE SKY. MY FAVORITE COLOUR IS RED AS MY GAVE ME ROSE https://t.co/p4WQCpuwQC
IN MY DARKEST HOUR. # TELLMEYOURSTORY https://t.co/uLFmLANINw
To  protect my two children from harm,  left each of them to with a person that I trusted  as were of risk until my story was out. #Savethem
#Tellyourstorythats locked inside and free the burden and live your life
@nedryun LOVE IS IN THE AIR
Today, I asked my sole mate Mark to marry me. He said Yes! Loving life!
@McFaul @HillaryClinton READ THE MY REAL STORY OF CLINTON AND HER PAC https://t.co/vn6gKVgGx2
They killed my Cousins Bother and son and damages his Heart God grant him the time to love his life, Free from his troubles in life
They took the mind of the Sister I love so she couldn't help with my fight.	  God will god will show her the light. love you Margaret https://t.co/T1REerzOlT
get lost. don t steal pictures. just sent your email to  trump#helpprincealbertharrydavid@gmail.com
Meet Jack, He has lived with me since he was 11 weeks, He has Autism, He can tell you all about space https://t.co/5M5XoaIAon
When I was 4 he ripped me inside, I sat on the grave stone and cried. # God keep the children safe #TELLYOURSTORY
@realDonaldTrump SHOULD I WORRY #Logan Gavin 	 How's the situation of things over there,regards to the economic standard and security?
They stole his flowers from his my grave, #CASTOUTEVIL
so much evil in our world, with the love of God we can rid this evil. Please say a prayer for all the children that were taken from so many https://t.co/apAoPe0DL1
The Man I have never met gave me the courage to fight  to tell my story, in  hope that children will follow.@realDonaldTrump MY HERO
I kept a record of every abuse, by cutting my body, to record the events	I made myself to cope with the pain. #Tellmeyourstory. contact me. https://t.co/kYvs94V915
when i was 7 he gave me a glove to rub his parts then gave me sweets to take to the park #Tellmeyourstory, I promise I will help you heal.
Aged  I3 I was molested in a park, he took my under wear  and told me asked for it so I locked It mind. #TELLMEYOURSTORY to help the fight
Hollywood hypocrites &amp; cowards silent on predator Harvey Weinstein https://t.co/ZgqPntob0O
Hollywood hypocrites &amp; cowards silent on predator Harvey Weinstein https://t.co/br1atCEqnK
For all the Children who lost their Life #weremberyou https://t.co/PMzRgYWUDZ
To all the souls stand up and fight with all your might to protect the Children who are afraid of the night.  #tellyourstory
Born a fire sign that dulled in time, so I changed my colour so I would shine like a beacon for the a child in need. #tellmeyourstory https://t.co/fTjviBs4CT
I will tell my story no mater the cost, I am fearless like my Mother #Speekout https://t.co/UtAwmFzHso
It's the hardest thing to share a story, whats harder is loved ones question your mind,They called the Doctor to give pills instead of a hug
#Logan Gavin SECURITY RISK	 How's the situation of things over there,regards to the economic standard and security?
#PEDOWATCH Namaste 🙏🙏🙏	Hello 🙋🙋🙋	 Report this message sent from MD Delete this message sent from MD	 MD	 Please don't follow me to get more
#PEDOALERTLogan GavinProtected Tweets	@LoganGavin4
@VibesBae THE TRUE BEAUTY IS WITHIN US ALL. GOD BLESS THEM ALL
#DASH #savethechildren
#VERYTIRED #KEEPGOING
THE PEOPLE OF THE UNIVERSE #SAVETHECHILDREN
#trumpwillsavethechildren
#seafoodweek#SAVETHECHILDREN
#fishpunday #SAVETHECHILDREN
#worldsmileday #SAVETHECHILREN
#worldsmileday #SAVETHECHILTREN
#fridayfeeling #SAVETHECHILDREN
#WorldSmileDay #SAVETHECHILDREN
@prioupdates #SAVETHECHILDREN
#nobelpeaceprize #SAVETHECHILDREN
@h_urdal #SAVETHECHILDREN
#iran #SAVETHECHILDREN
#iran # SAVETHECHILDREN
#zarif #savethechilren
#syria #savethechildre
#russia #savethechildre
@kingsalman #SavetheChildren
#RaifBadawi #SAVETHECHIDREN
"Nobel Peace Prize" #SaveTheChidren
@NobelPrize ~PEACE IN  OUR UNIVERSE
BLINDS SHUT
help JC STILL AT SCHOOL
GO FASTER
#MAGA MYFAMILY ARE IN DANGER THEY HAVE MY KNOW WHERE I LIVE
HELP ME, I AM WORRIED ABOUT MY FAMILY
@Snowden  PLEASE HELP ME FAMILY IS AT RISK THEY KNOW WHERE I LIVE  MY WHOLE FAMILY ARE HERE help help help please # SAVE MY FAMILY
@realDonaldTrump  PLEASE CALL FALMOUTH HEALTH CENTER THEY PLAN TO  COME GET ME. MY FAMILY ARE ALL HERE
@realDonaldTrump HELP ME  THEY KNOW WHERE I LIVE. PLEASE  CALL FALMOUTH HEALTH DR WILSON
help  me the doctors are coming for me PLEASE, MY FAMILY ARE AT RISK'
THE DOCTORS ARE COMING FOR ME
HELP ME. PLEASE @realDonaldTrump
Help THE DOCTORS ARE COMING FOR ME
# they know where i live my whole family are please help
#helpprincealbertharrydavid@gmail.com
When I was in my 30s. I was given a Date Rape Drug. but thought Back and  won       # Fight back
#pedoalert Sgt Daniel A Dailey@dailey_sgt
# Dancing with my Parents, You were the ones who gave me my name. they stole  that from you. #MyNameisMechelleNotMICHELLE
#THEPEOPLESPRINCESS #IHEARDYOURSTORY https://t.co/sEfKsGZBdb
#[esdowatch@Frank93501017
#pedowatch Frank @Frank93501017
@BritainFirstHQ #Make Briton Great Again https://t.co/hGF8biVGix
#They gave me cervical cancer and told  to abort my baby I Refused the treatment until my Son Samuel was born,  #ProLife https://t.co/XFTkYU8LKu
#healing Today I counted my scars of that I inflicted on my body  in total, I have 13 scars  on my body      #Scars are proof you survived https://t.co/E1AVMAKVPV
# Just read my tweets, lots of errors,  Apologies No sleep for two days🐦🐦
#PEDOWATCH Robert Wilson@RobertW196255
#Make BRITON GREAT AGAIN
@TRobinsonNewEra  Together we  can change the World #Speakout
#pedowatch Hudson Hanson
#PEDOWATCHJames @James67195909
# PEDOWACHron_raim	@ron_raim
Today a Beautiful lady shared her story with me, I am honoured that she found the the courage to # SPEAKOUT https://t.co/bhEEd0nY0n
@MilitaryCourage The most amassing Men and Women #URtheHEROS
# #JimmyKimmel. JUSTSWITCHOFF
# WHEN MY FARTHER WAS 7 YOU TOOK HIS FATHERS LIFE. THE COLOUR GREEN WE WERE TOLD WEAR IT.  I LOVE THE COLOUR ITS IN EVERYTHING IN NATURE.!
@_TrumpVsClinton  MEET MY SON, WHO LIVES ON IN MY HEART WHICH IS SOMETHING YOU WILL NEVER HAVE. https://t.co/wiKOG5bn97
#TrumpWILLWIN- MEET my SON https://t.co/EsQMZ5aplt
@JulianAssange #pedo .  People of Spain, Speak out, PROTECT YOUR CHILDREN FROM THIS EVIL #SPEAKOUT NOW
RT @JulianAssange: Spain's King Filip VI, in his speech last night denouncing Catalonia's referendum on independence, chose an exceedingly…
# PEOPLE OF SPAIN  SPEAK OUT  ONLY TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE, USE WHAT EVER YOU CAN TO TELL THE WORLD I PROMISE YOU  THAT YOU WILL WIN 😇
# I FEAR NO EVIL SO DO YOUR WORST YOUR NOTHING BUT GREEN DIRTY SLUG  THAT I WOULD CHEW UP AND SPIT OUT # CASTOUTEVIL
@abstractnights I hope a stray bullet hits you straight up your ass, cast out evil love The God of light or be dammed forever
My Mother died with me on her cheek and my sisters at her feet
I Admired her strength and didn't how she survived, but she did, she fought for us as much as could until she  left the three of us,
My Mother the LEO  had 7 daughters, she was mentally broken by the loss of her children, I admired her strength
My mother fought for her seven Children, My first Sister was called Tracey, she died because they told her to take medicine,
Butterflies Flying through the Glen, a child sitting under every tree chasing Rainbows in the rain,  there deaths were not in vain .  xxxxx
My Trump card Is I saved 7 Children from this Evil, Th are all part of my life as I am to them #Speak Out
I am glad it happened to me which meant  I noticed what others did not  Is I held weekly talks with parents and the children
Thank you for your support, This has been a very emotional journey, Children don't speak out as they are made to feel to blame them.
# @realDonaldTrump  My Hero Loved with Love beyond Telling.
I survived abuse sexual abuse, broken jaw, being blown gas, fought for my 2nd son with Meningitis septicaemia. 9 suicides   YOU ARE NO MATCH
I WOULD GLADLY GIVE MY LIFE TO PROTECT EVERY CHILD IN THE UNIVERSE	SO THEY MAY ALSO HOLD GODS HAND. #CASTOUT EVIL
@DragonsDenUK1 Would you like to help me make a positive impact in the lives of Contact info@3dcreativecraft.com.
I hold  the hand of God in my heart. who is loved with love beyond telling 	cast out the evil so we may life in harmony and love.
When I was 5, He told me The Devil was real when I was 11, they told me, it was my fault, When I was 13, I said stop, # Peace on Earth
Traitors to the WORLD,. I , .When I was 14 they cut a a pup's head in front of me. DRAIN THE SWAMP.. CAST OUT THIS EVIL
@AndyMorseUK  Do You fancy Helping to make a positive impact in the lives of children?
Can Tsunamis Hit California? Supernova Oops                                                                      https://t.co/CPCPlZBjiA
@FoxNews @nedryun The Truth  hides from nothing. # Lock them up.   Fox News, The Truth Channel
#THETRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE
NEW IDEA! 😇
New Premier Sport Invention now a finished product!	Now on to the next, Already know what its going to look like.. Loving Life🐦
@csthetruth Thank you from my heart .I was raped many times by several adults for  11 yrs. my pledge of 5,000 pounds still Stands 🐦
#pedopilaendsnow  This evil stole my childhood  being taken into a grave yard aged of 4, I refuse to be Vitim, I'm  a S🐦urvivor
#Cast out the evil  	An elderly cancer patient had his back  broken in three places after being robbed : https://t.co/ZD3t8m1kE2
New sport invention  is now a finished product so excited, now to bring it to the market .Loving Life!🐦
#myfirsttweet new invention that will be supporting children with autism around the globe in the near future.😛