go get them senator warren. the dems need to fight just as much as trump and the republicans do.
once again, certain pols in Washington dc have chosen oil money over even considering at least working on the new green deal. why would we expect anything else?
yes Barbara report that teacher to the school board and have her fired.
Sara you are an amazing person
President trump goes to El Paso to bullshit his deplorable scumbag supporters about how much we need a wall along the southern border.
I need financial assistance for a client who is very sick
I still believe that the main culprit in the latest FBI investigation in philly is mayor Kenney and his dispicable immoral soda tax.
My simple advice to any dem running for president. Focus on what your going to do for the us. Do not worry about racist pols
I am a big fan of senator Amy I hope that the reports of her being very difficult to work with is just republican bs
I don't tink its such a good idea to mess with Jeff bezos. He isn't the worlds richest person for nothing
To be honest I hope amazon doesn't come to pa we are and can do better
god provides healthcare. you are an iddiot.
what the hell does mc Connell know about cooperation common good etc.
I am glad that senator kubluchar will enter the 2020 presidential race on Sunday. Senator kubacher is a real common scene centrist who can bring honesty character civility and common sense to the oval office
If trump stays away from negotiations maybe we can have a border security deal and avert a second devastating shutdown
To be fair I am very disappointed in the democratic response to the sotu by Stacey Abrams. Ms Abrams made it all about her and her priorities not the response to trump. I think Bernie would of been much better.
Once again the Republicans are dilusionsl
To jerry Falwell Jr. I like to have a carton of whatever you are smoking calling trump the greatest president since washington
Donald trump you your dad your sister and every member of the trump belong in jail PR put the door
I am not disappointed by the sotu last night because I didn't expect much from trump and of course I was not disappointed
Trump had a nice speech which he didn't write. but he offered us nothing
reverend barber you are right. the reason why trump never mentioned our 140 million poor is because he does not care about them
If there is a emergency at the bofder then why did trump and the republicans give all the tax breaks to the rich?
Did trump threaten the house saying if you want legislation there cannot be investigation. I think tonight is the beginning of the end for trump.
Why did trump tie war to investigations?
I believe in school choice school choice is up to the parents. Betsy devos does not believed in any school choice. She believes in ruining the public schools system.
Duck dynasty Phil Robertson says that his medical insurance came from god. I don't even know what to say.
The us government should stay out of the online gaming business. I would think with the most corrupt president and administration you have a lot more important issues to look at than online gaming.
So the scandal filled phony trump tax cut plan has only raised wages on average by two cents per hour or eighty cents a https://t.co/hjhOSJA7xW
I will boycott the sotu for the first time in my life. Why? Because i am just sick and tired of the lies and deceptions.
The online photos of channel 6 at the auto show seemed to focus a lot on karen rogers. Very good. Karen is a truly wonderful person.
We have had 100 months straight of positive private sector job growth. Mr president that continued under you and i commend you. But you and your administration refuse to give obama any credit for beginning this. Once again you disappount me
My super bowl pick regretfully is 27-21 new england
The other night the 76ers defeated the champion warriors in a great game and espn raduo said noything. Last night the sixers lost a good but not good enough game to sacramento and they spoke about it. Come on espn
I think we need a calm cool and smart nomiinedd who will bring this country back from the utter gutter mess that is the usa.
Listen i am a lifelong democrat and proud of this. I am glad to see so many outstanding and diverse candidates. But i dont know if the country will be ready to swing so far to the left if we win the white house in 2020.
Listen i respect senator harris tremendously. Buut why did twitter suspend anti harris positions.	Senator harris an exceptional public servant but we need to express and hear bothh sides of the story on eveey candidate running for president.
Even though I admire the dems who want to run for president I believe that they will all be playing for #3 on the ticket if Joe biden decides to run
BE THE CHURCH
Srnstot Harris I agree with you but trump Ford not care about what affect the shutdown had on people.
Senator Grhamn I believe you have compromised yputsrlg. Please understand trump does not Carr about you.
Teachers are the next example of the worldwide resistance.
East passyunk aveniue is a jewel of philadelphia
Yesterday i had the misfortune to see the mayorat a political event for our councilman kenyatta johnson. Your honor i wish i was a big fan of yours buti am not.
Once again republicans had a lunch on taxpayers money and meanwhile 800000 federal employees are severely struggling to pay bill etc
the uninsured rate is th ehighest it has been in five years because the most crooked administration and most crooked president and republican party keep on trying to abolish Obamacare, allow big pharma to get bigger.
mitch mcconnell you have proven to be clueless and a good candidate for the old senators home
from what rock did lara trump come from
A big prolrm in Philly is lack of accessibility for the 49778 pwd who use a wheelchair and or Walker and or cart
Lieutenant Governor Fettetman we at the D R C epulf be honored to have a conference call with you to discuss put plans. I can be reached at mrdino3@hotmail.com Enjoy your night.
I apologize for the typo. It is the Wolf Administration.
Congratulations to Governor Tom wolf and New lieutenant Governor Fettetman. All of us at Rossi Consultants  Chester Transitional Housing For Veterans and the Disability Reality Collaborative. We look very forward to working with the Eolg Administration over the next four years.
Well there is justice in this world. California's PGE is in multi billion dollar bankruptcy talks.
So are we to believe that the Phillies brass met with Bruce harper in his home town of las Vegas from 1:00pm yesterday afternoon broke for dinner continued until almost midnight and still came out without Harper signed
I'm sorry to say I think the birds will lose today. But IG they play eagles football they can defeat the saints.
We now have the longest  government shutdown in us history. Mr president if your going to declare a national emergency, then do it. Shit or get off the pot.
I want to tell our Mayor he has a lot of nerve insulting Jeff Brown because he lives in Rittenhouse Square. Mr Mayor you live  in a nice area so thats the best you can do. We will vote you out. Also Mr Brown has provided about 1000 jobs to Philadelphians.
@eugenegu @realDonaldTrump I spoke at length to a man who is a small business owner and like a son to me. He has told me thanks to the policies of the Kenny Administration and City Council, the small business community and the good taxpaying citizen is being killed.
Let me be clear. RBG isnt going anywhere. Sorry mr president your wrong again. Believe Justice Ginsberg knows all too well that the most corrupt prrsident and administration in history is already putting together a list of possible teplacements. Forget it
I thought tha secretary of state pompeo was more of a pro than how he acted in cairo
Mr president who is running the country you Congress fox scumbags rush Limbaugh or many of your assinide supporters?
VP pence is an absolute disgrace. How dare he public ally kiss the ass of limbaugh
Happy New Year to one of my heroes Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro. God bless you and your family and keep up the great work.
Like her or not senator Elizabeth Warren does not dodge one question.
According to Rossi Consultants Research there are about 224443 people with disabilities in Philadelphia. Approximately 22&amp; PR 49778 	Pwd use a walker and or wheelchair or both.	This is a very serious problem.
What is the Kenny administration going to do about the lack of accessibility to many buildings for people with disabilities?
President term p you have met your match in speaker pelosi.
Mr mayor what are you doing to lower the tax burden on residents and small businesses in 2019?
I believe it is the height of hypocrisy for the Kenny administration to pretend to be the group leading the way to revp our system of property tax assessments.
How many lies will trump tell us tonight?
How can a president be fine and proud with shitting down the wall?
Mayor Kenney you claim the universal pre k is working. I doubt it. Where is the sods tax money?
Mayor Kenny your fraudulent soda tax is costing the city jobs everyday. 40000 illegal immigrants in the city five hundred and sixty nine million	Dollars in federal aid, and a sanctuary city program that is unfortunately a colossal failure.
Mr mayor when are you and your administration going to wake up and realize that as s city we are losing the ear on drugs and crime?
Respectfully being an ex guanellian brothrt i can tell you honestly that the Salesians of Saint John Bosco is one of the great religious families of thr consecrated life. Every religious family should empower their people to be good contributing members of society
I think as long as trump is president real and	Comprehensive immigration 	 We had it under Obama but the republicans threw the monkey wrench in the provrss will not happen.
Why are we suprised that president trump used thetwo deceased children as political pawns?
Unfortunately a large percentage of americans are uninformed about what is going on around them
Mr magyor most important fix these schools. Many ofthem are old toxic roach and rat 	Inhabited. But youknow this Thank you
The emphasis in our schools must be job preparation not sitting on our assaes and playing with rhe laptop prep. We need a combo of 	Stem	Job readiness vocational training that leads to real full time jobs
The city must recoup the 700 million dollars from ppa that is earmarked for the sdp
The buildings that were closed at least a number of them should be converted to vocational training facilities, shelter for animals, even community schools
Good morning your honor.  If you are the education mayor then here are just a few thoughts on how to fix the SDP	1-Dr Hite must go. All he has done is shut down buildings and let them rot
Your honor i cordially invite to have an on going discussion about philadelphia with me and others in 2019.I would prefer a series of meetings or overthe phone conversations. Otherwise we can talk on social media.
Mayor kenney on sanctuary cities. They started out fine but today they are a mistake. Why. Because we as a society cannot keep protecting real criminals. We are all immigrants. My family came from italy. Philadelphia welcomes immigrants but not hard core scumbag criminals
Philadelphia magazine the article you did on mayor kenney in the january issue proves what ihave always thought, you are in his pocket' you should be ashamed of yourself
You siir live privlege everyday. You got to be the mayor. You most certainly abuse that privlege on a daily basis. In 2019 youragenda should be	jobs	Safet	lower taxes on everyone not just a select few
In the article you speak of diversity and white privlege. Now i am all for diversity. I experience diversity everyday. You also speak of white privlege. Mayor Kenney i am white and there is no 	Privlege in my life.
The main problem i have with you is the way you have turned your back on the good taxpaying citizens of south philly your home base. Why? Votes, ignorance, stupidity.
Sixth you tend to raise property taxes on only 48/57 neighborhoods. Now i wouldnt mind that so much	Schools were better	Crime was way down	small businesses were treated with the respect and courtesy we deserve	End of tweet #4
Third crime is way upFourth you want to empty the jails withyour dumb ass D A. What a crock	Fifth you want the taxpayer to fund a safe place for drug addicts to shoot up. Are you serious?Enfd of tweer #3
Secondly, i do not like the way you try toimplement your agenda. For example, theimmoral soda tax. The continuing unlawful burden on small business. The small business community in philadelphia is shrinking in case youhave not noticed. End of tweet #2
Mr mayor, phiadelphia magazine calls you the most ambitious mayor we have ever had. Let me begin with i applaud your rebuild philadelphia agenda. End of tweet #1
As I prepare to end 2018 I can't help but wonder where is all the money that is still missing? .
now the city of Philadelphia is using our taxpayer money to keep independence hall open during the government shutdown. I think it is a decent gesture. but I would much rather use that money to help keep small businesses going for 2019.
Once again us society has turned christmas into a giant fraudulent pain in the ass. The real reason for christmas is the birth of our lord.
I want to wish my friends on twitter a very merry christmas and a happy new year
Hi vickie!How is our girl? We love you so very much. What can we do foryou?
Vickie good afternoon. we have not had a chance to call yet today. we love you, Shannon, kevin. is there an update? What can we do for you? Just name it and its done!!!!!
The Republicans are so ignorant and clueless that at least when it comes to the house, they got their asses kicked in the election.
Tickle down economics which was the creation of Ronald Reagan had never worked. The wealthy in this country do not give a rat's ass about everyone else. The myth of corporations 	Sharing big tax breaks is just that a myth.
Part of the problem in our nation today is the subtle but daily hatred spewed by our right wing evangelical religious fanatic friends. Not all but many of you pray then demonize anyone who is different than you. You are a disgrace!!
Today is december 1st i still believe that what is destroying this country is HATE In 2019 my small new consulting firm will go full force to work with people who are disabled
Allow me to correct my comments lon the selling of Southwark house. Sad so sad.
The Republicans, the trump administration and 	The pols on Michigan should be ashamed of themselves for just completely ignoring the crisis in Flint. How dare you? Don't let me hear anything from the religious fraud on the right about life family etc.
I hope that my friends and relatives on facebook had a wonderful thanksgiving holiday
We are all thankful for the gift of SOPHIA
RT @PortlandClinic: Not all cars are the same when fitting car seats. Here’s some great research on cars that are truly family friendly. ht…
why do cabinet members need ss anyway?
I want to say congratulations to you and your mom. good luck to her tomorrow. you and your mom are what america	stands for	opportunity	starting over	promise of a better life	compassion	god bless you and your mom. we love you both
are we surprised/ mitch mcconnell is what is wrong with politics and an absolute scumbag.
Gee, the godfather of partisan politics mitch McConnell talks about Dems and partisan politics, what a hypocrite.
When we talk about heroes I think of	Veterans	Police	EMT	FirstResponders	Paramedics	Sick and suffering	Nurses	Doctors 	CNA- People who get up and go to work everyday with a few exceptions		Not	TV Hosts	Entertainers	Atheletes
After trump got his ass kicked by the dems he calls the midterm a success. Well, once again he proves he is an iddiot.
Kellyanne once again you are a clueless disgrace . But your in the right administration.
A Republican screwball just said on MSNBC that he really appreciates Trump's honesty about being a liar. What the hell haha opened to the Republicans?
What will it take for dogs to really take hate groups, hate crimes, racism, neonazism,etc seriously?
To the very prejudiced scumbag woman from Indiana, you are a disgrace.
Please get out and vote because our lives do depend on it!
Ms. Huckabee Sanders, you are an absolute	Disgrace.
Sarah once again you lie. The scumbags hooter in Pittsburgh actually is a supporter of your boss.
Twitter has made in my opinion two big mistakes. First they should not take anyone off the president's Twitter account without his knowledge and consent. Second why didn't Twitter go after the Florida bomber when he threatened to kill people on Twitter?
No we are not supposed to deal with Saudi Arabia because they funded the terrorists of 911
Once again the idiots at fox get it wrong. I don't see a direct correlation between the Pittsburgh tree of life synagogue bomber and the immigrants who wanna cross the Mexican border.
Ann Coulter Everytime you open your mouth, I just shake my head in disgust and surprise.
Well we finally hear from a trumpeters, and it comes from a complete sellout James woods. Mr Woods this was not a stunt. The phony black youth summit that Trump held today oin the East Room, that is a stunt..
Justice ginsberg what is your opinion on the state of this nation.
See, this is one of the few tools Republicans have fear
Who is this scumbag pastor who says that if the Democrats win the midterms they burn down churches and kill christains?
Terrible Ted could not be more wrong.
Mr. Browne, you sir are a first class fraud
I believe that i very much would like to speak with a representative of Unite Philly
To those people who want to get rid of ICE, 	We cannot do that. If there are issues with ice they must be addressed.
so sorry on the passing of Winnie. I know this pain all too well having gone through it four times. you never really get over it. but remember Winnie is in heaven, happy healthy and she suffers no more. god bless you
The numbers don't lie
When will the trump administration stop being so corrupt. I mean saudi arabia are the people who bankrolled and masterminded the 911 attacks. Fuck their money. Why are we in business with these people. Could it be because trump hhas business interests there.
I am very sad to heafr the sttory of the remains of a baby found in camden especially when camden is improving as a city in so many ways.
Your honor please tell us that your city does take good care of the most vulnerable citizens in the greatest city in the world
For any woman to defend kavanaugh if he did it  by saying what boy hasn't done this in high school proves to me and others that you are	Clueless	Brainwashed	Empty	Horrible	Stupid	Ignorant people
Senator Collins buying votes in order to defeat you is called Republican politics. You are a two face disgrace
I believe one of the five most critical issues is apathy, which can be a killer.
What i know is these are the most important midterms in a generation. What disappoints me here is that neither candidate does a lot to meet the locals.
I am a dem. But in elections i dont vote party. I vote the person. I am undecided right now on who i will vote for.
Pa women will not forget but Senator Toomey did vote the way he was expected to.
Where will the March be held in Philadelphia?
The Republicans and some de!Socrates have been undoing progress for many years.
Why would the Republicans if they retain control of Congress agree to term limits?
@GovHowardDean Senator Collins must go and yes we need term limits.
My wife and I are joining the Poor People's Campaign.
I hate to say this but not all but all many Republicans is kissing the ass of the president and re election
If the administration demands info on anti trump activists from Facebook, then we want Facebook info on every member of the most corrupt administration in history.
Senator Cruz I would not be using the word abominable. I mean come Kon! You do your share of lousy behavior while you hide behind trump and the flag.
Senator Grahmn you are a two faced scumsucking Republican deadbeat. We know the real reason why you voted for kavanaugh is so you could be the next AG.
The Republicans don't know the first thing about collegiality
Dems get up your asses stop talking and do your job .
Senator McConnell you are the embarrassment 	That we need to put behind us
Senator hatch it is time for you to retire. The comments you made about dr Ford and supporters of Obamacare prove that you are a fraud and the game has passed you by.
Senator McConnell you are an embarrassment who should be putt on the shelf
Minority leader pelosi , specifically what are you and the Dems doing to make sure people don't 	Lose their social security and keeping kids out of poverty?
Mr President thank you for the text. I commend you and female for this new alert system in case of an actual emergency.
Sarah Sanders stands there and lies. She lies about everything
How crooked will the trump administration become?
Senator McConnell, no one deserves harassment more than you!
Sometimes I have to wonder, how can any woman really support trump? I mean I respect their right to vote, but once in a while I wonder
I applaud the amazon decision to raise the minimum wage for all US workers to $15.00 per hour. The minimum wage should be fifteen dollars per hour.
Mr President I thoroughly on your ordering the FBI investigation of sexual allegations against judge kavanaugh. Thank you sir!!!
What the hell is the music modernization act and why are we spending one moment on this? Once again Washington wasting our taxes and time.
Mitch MC Connelly you must go. Get a brochure to the old senators home. Why do you wanna ram judge cavanaugh down our throats?
Maybe we need bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam in washington
Mr President with all due respect to you, why is it when you call someone a low life, that's OK, but when someone refers to you or a member of your administration or one of your nominees as a low life that's a disgrace, a witch hunt, etc?
Ms Karen are you kidding?
I mean come on!
Roo GMT Republicans friends, why the big rush on the cavanaugh vote?
Ok bill cosby got what he deserved. But its funny we have a potential us supreme court justice	Who has been accused of sexual assauly and probab,y nothing will happen to him . Also we have the guy who is a well known sexual predator.
@cnni Pope Francis, please please cure my church, we need you now more than ever.
Senator Heller you are the hiccup that I see.
To my friend joy Reid, stop playing liberal racial politics on tv. I am many people want to know did Stacey Abrams pay her taxes? Stop the B's on your show, please.
Senator Collins, if you are so appalled by Trump, which I don't think so, then vote against kavanaugh.
Senator Hatch, my respect for you is all but gone
Mr mayor, I applaud you for reading to kids at à	School in the nice town Tioga section. But guess what! You have a major drug dealing, drug abuse and homeless problem on Broad Street and Snyder Avenue from the school to McKean. Mr. Mayor, we need more cops now
@CNNPolitics Ms Cortez please explain how you can justify forty trillion dollars for your proposals?
Senator Hatch, you truly are a scumbag	I think it's time for you to retire.
Eighty percent of US workers live paycheck to paycheck. So where are the results of the phone trump tax plan and jobs actor. 2017? The only people who benefit are rich and corporations.
Ms Just, I like Senator Sanders but my concern with Bernie is if he is President, he will away the store for free. The only area where I agree that should be free is healthcare. We need universal healthcare in the us. But the question is who will pay?
Ms Weaver God Bless You and God Bless your	Beautiful daughter Sophia.
So now Mr mayor your top priority is no longer the :	Poverty	Crime	Would crisis	But sodium in food
I'm amazed how rotten the GOP in Texas is
Hey Larry Kilgore, I would gladly support the death penalty for a redneck, hick, hillbilly, Bible thumping son of a bitch scumbag such as yourself.
Hey pal, may I ask, why are you so pissed off at white people?
@BrianKarem @CNN Senator Collins do the right thing on behalf of all women and vote against judge cavßnaugh
To the woman who called the coops on the group of black men smoking in front of their job I have just one thing to ask you:what is your problem?
I want to correct my last tweet. What I said was 	The violence against woman's act is very necessary but with the Republican led Congress it is doable not doable.
Ms Nixon, I agree with you. But what do you stand for?
I fear that the violence against woman's act is doable. I certainly hope not.
We all have skeletons in ourcloset. But we are not attempting to be named thenext associate justice of the us supreme court. What is judge cavanaugh hiding..
Governor wolf has kept his three basic promises to pennsylvanians. Entreprenuers  small businesses and innovation is booming because of his policies.
President trump instead of focusing on hurricane florence the midterms etc you choose to continue to focus on lyinh about fema in puerto rico and pick a fight with the mayyor of san juan.
You need to vote on November 6th. This is just my opinion but no vote no bitch.
People in Chicago should rejoice than Emmanuel will not seek a third term for mayor.
You see this is how trump gets in trouble. Under his directions took 10,000,000.00 earmarked for Puerto Rico and used it for ice. Just another day in the trump whitehouse.
Madam minority leader pelosi, the republicans attack on 130 million americans with pre existing is such a disgrace that i believe this is the number one issue in the upcoming election.
I believe the nelson v scott us senatorial race is one of the most important. I dont live in florida. I ama political junkie. Senator nelson stand on your record andhighlight the differences between you and governor scoyt
When will fox news stop making the ptesident out to be a combo of lincoln tr and reagan..
The president may experience his approval rating go farther down after the midterms. For the trumpsters i respect your support for the president but even you must see he is not doing the great job you think.
Our prayers go out to the good people along the southeast coast. If we can do anything else please let us know.
Before we start screaming at 2020 ldet usfocus on november
Why arent we not doing enough for our veterans.
Mr olin i could not agree more. Trump should go to church instead of golfing firstthing on sunday.
With all due respect i like bernie but i cannot support him if he runs in 2020. Why. Because i have adificult time excepting his brand of socialism
The governors race in pa is all but over.
Vp mike pence is very smart. He is usually very quiet and does not get bimself involved in wjat is the trump whitehouse dumpster fire. Why is that. I will say one thing about him: he is one of the smartest pols ive ever known.
The fact that obama is back in the political picture to apoint i believe is a good thing for the democrats. Trump sayshe is the best wrll then why is hefreaking ouy over obams.
You would think that with all major issues facing this nnation. The trump administration would be more focused on them tathr than the op ed in the New York Times.
To me it really doesn't matter why a person does not vote. The vote is the greatest. Weapon we have in the fight to save our nation and keep our democracy. So if you don't vote don't bitch!!!
@Will_Bunch Will I am trying to get a telephone conference call with mss scanlon. Where I can get her office number??
Monica congratulations on thirty years at Disney, ABC, channel 6. You are a true role model to all of us.
How can we even think of comparing spoiledvbrat social activist Colin kappernick to the godmother of the civil rights movement, Rosa Parks??
Gillan vde Santos could be a great election if only de Santos would stop the bs
If pence is concerned about the votes, then judge kavanaugh could be in serious trouble.
Senator murkowski, please take a stand and vote against judge kavanaugh. This is your time.
As much as I love football at every level, lidonot consider football players heroes. How can we compare an athlete to any veteran.
Senator MC Connelly, if there is anyone who needs to investigated it's you, you driven scumbag. You are number one on my list of pols who n3d to go
We need you to run in 2020
Senator Booker, good eveniñg. My name is Dino Rossi. My wife and me are lifelong Democrats. We have been following the circus that is the kavanaugh confirmation hearings. We want to say we are big fans of yours and go get em.
When will the us have real net neutrality again.
I saw former president obama on tv. Now despite the mistakes he made, this is the kind of president we need today. But i will continue to give president trump the benefit of a doubt.
Shouldnt our president be more concerned about the upcoming midterms than the person who wrote the scathing op ed.
Phillies wake up atlanta lost again today. Come on it looks like they are trying to hand you over the division.
Mr president if your such a tough guy well then dont start a war over who wrote the op ed about you in the new york times.
You know i like once in a while to give trump the benefit of a doubt. Now i have not heard anything real bad yet from cavanaugh. But when he refused to shake the hand of a parkland  florida high school deceased students father, that really turned me off.
We must see how judge cavanaugh if confirmed will rule on key issurs.
I meant judge cavanaugh.
Judge garland is very qualified to be on the us supreme court. But please dont be telling that the legit concerns of the dems is all politics. Why. Because the republicans play this game all 	The time. Both parties are wrkong this is why we need a good thihrd party.
Second where is the outrage over the scank revarend who grabbed the right breast of miss grande.  Maybe i will call the franklin family about farakhan. I have all the admiration and respect for you buthere wejust disagree.
I must respond to whoopi golberg. Whoppi im a huge fan. But today on the view you missed the boat. First instead of anyone criticizing president clinton. What the hell was that scumbag louis farakhan doing on threstage with the queen.
Senator booker keep fighting
Senator Grahmn i am watching you on msnbc. Once again you have put your foot in your mouth
Let me explain. Judge cavanaugh is qualified. But the people on the committee have only seen 10% of cavanaughs documents. If we couldnt give eric garland not even one minute of ainterview, but yet the republicans wanna ram cavanaugh. Why..
After looking at judge cavanuagh history and background, i am starting to believe that maybe he is not the right c
Andrew Gillam won the Florida Democratic Gubenetorial Primary because he focused on real 	Everyday issues like	Healthcare	Jobs	Economy
Another bad day. Tomorow we celebrate labor day. The first thing that  comes to my mind are all the hard working ujnion men and women who work extremely hard everyday. Where would we be without our unions.
What a game!PSU 45 Appalachian State 38. The one team i dont wanna see on any schedule is Appalachian State.
As we approach september. One of the most critical issues facing those of us who are disabled in philadelphia cannot fully take part in society because many of the businesses in philly are not handicapprd accessible. In philly there are 222.234 people with disabilities.
The most important elections in the last 25 years are coming up in about 66 days. For those who do not vote. Have no right at all to bitch about the direction of the us.
There is a new 21st Century movement in the us called Unite America. Keep an eye on this independent candidaftes and parties movement.
There is a movement in the us called UniteAmerica which is an umbrella of independent parties and candidates for all levels of politics. Keep an eye on them
Ok after a good month of august. I am ready for one of myfavorite months of the year. September.
People must go out and vote in november. If we sleep through the next two years. Our nation  will go right down the tubes
In november we have the opportunity to reboot the usa. And reset our priorities as a nation.
I wannt to be very clear to any officer of the law. The area of 4th to 8th street. Snyder to federal is very dangerous. Please step up the police presence in this area.
If you are a millionaire. Independently wealthy., a billionaire or a large corporation then trump is your man. He is not for the rest of us.
My good friend also ent on to say that despite the importance of business areas like east passyunk avenue. The business districts are noy consistant with large turnovdr everyfour years. 	Lower cdont increase business taxes.
One of the best small businesmen in the region told me today that since the soda tax his business has lost eighty thousand dollars in business. Mr mayor what are you doing for the small businessperson?
The President is now threatening people with the threat of a lot of violence if the republicans do not get their way in november. We have really hjit the bottom of the barrel here.
@wesley_jordan Mr Before debate Cruz asap and more than once.
@IanKarmel Mr Before you have the momentum against Cruz. I would debate him more than once. Refusing to debate is an old trick. You are much better than ghat
Things problem with the Republican led Congress is that they are a bunch of two faced, scumbag pols who lie everyday. So I believe that the cavanaugh hearing should be postponed until at least january .Maybe trump	Should pull his nomination.
Once again anothr senseless tragedy. The killings in jacksonville bring me back to one basic question:when the hell are our sad elected officials in washington dcgoing toget off theircolective asses and develop a real plan that will slow down this horror.
Good morning i am very sad on the passing of senator john mccain. To his wonderful family my prayers are with you. God bless you
@kylegriffin1 Judge Cavanaugh is more than qualified to be on the Supreme Court. But, since he is against Obamacare, people with pre existing conditions, a woman's right to choose, unions, and he believes that Trump is above the law, i respectfully say to the Dems stop this now
Tell The Senate: #StopKavanaugh - no #SCOTUS vote until the People vote  https://t.co/MHnxkioVFL @moveon
@ItsMeCathi @_jcxcjcxcjc_ @SenatorCollins Senator Collins you must say no to judge cavanaugh
The area of 5th 6th and 7th streets, Snyder to federal continues to be high crime and drug infested area. This is a shutout to whoever is listening. These areas need to be really cleaned up. I hope the police, the sea and air can join together and help the good citizens there.
mr. president, support the kigali ammendment on manufacturing.
to the 108.8 million lazy asses who do not vote and who did not vote in the  2016 genberal election, it is, in many ways, your fault that this country is so screwed up, and we are more divided now than ever before. so in november, do the right thing and vote. no vote no bitch
@4everNeverTrump You see bannonsaid it. He is a member of the master race. This is what trump wants, a master race. Hey bannon you are a scumbag, but you said what is a deep	Wish by trump to have a master white race.
@MarloThomas My name is Dino Rossi. My wife and I contribute and consider it an honor to contribute to the greatest medical center, Saint Jude Research Center. Your wonderful father started it, and you do an outstanding job as the face of SJR. I would love of this event on Monday with you.
Respectfully Bernie needs to go
I am a big facebook fan,but I believe privacy trumps everything else, especially when it has to do with finances.
I think that a series of town hall or internet meetings need to be set up with our good friends @ facebook before we allow banks to give them our financial data in the hope of new banking services
Cecily you are one of the great people in our society. you are one of the three or four reasons why I watch action new. keep up the great work. you are awesome.
your honor I get the impression you care more about jay z than you do the law abiding, tax paying, hard working residents whom you screwed who live on the parkway.
@DisavowTrump20 @KonorManogan Justice Ginsburg you are my hero. This is the most corrupt administration in hisftory
if we would only follow the lead of children, we would be much better off as a nation.
today im visiting with my sister in law. on November 10, 2007, her daughter, my niece was viciously run over by a frigen scumbag got away with it because his rich daddy is in cahoots with the tqwn police chief. we need comprehensive	healthcare for all.
the pa state supreme court should be absolutely ashamed of themselves for upholding the worse beverage tax we have seen in a long time. The soda 	a jobs killer. 1600 people have lost their jobs because of this tax.
Allow me to correct my last tweet. If we the American people let the tax cuts become permanent then we are to blame. Second any politician who votes to make the cuts 	Permanent, they must be voted out d or r
The rich and wealthy tax cuts cannot be permanent. If we allow those phony tax cuts to be permanent then see are to blame. Start screaming at your senators and reps now. Any 	Politicians go votes to keep the tax cuts 	Pregnant must be voted out on their ass, d or r
Yes nice they Mr. President. You meant what you said. Why would it be Russia? What you said today means nothing.
We have another example of the fraudulent Donald Trump and the most crooked administration. In history. Trump signs the veterans bill but will not allocated the money.	He is an embarrassment. He is a disgrace.
there is no doubt that rissia launched a 911 style cyber attack on us. why?' To help get trump elected president. we must be protected for the 18 midterms.
democrats, get off your asses and go after this traitor
where are therepublicans? with the exception of john mc cain, the republicans arer cowering down some place because they care more about being re-elected than their constituents.
well, today just when you think Donald trump could not be worse, he sold us all down the drain to putin. now for those who support trump, if you dont see today as a total betrayal of the American people, then you all blind. today is a treason act by the president.
RT @BAENegocios: En la UIA hay cruces por declaraciones de Méndez sobre alza del desempleo. Por Ariel Maciel http://t.co/m3mUa6Qx6M @arielg…
I cannot sleep.
Mrs Clinton, the nation needs you to run for president in 2020. Please
to my cousin nereo. hi cousin. I love you and your beautiful family, but if you ever want to talk politics I will be more than happy.
a black man was harassed while in his own pool by a white cop. this man works and pays 1600.00 per month in rent. This is one if the most ridiculous stories I have ever heard.
what is wrong in this country? Now someone cannot ride the bus without being harassed? THBIS IS MORE THAN RIDICULOUS.
senator markewski, i oppose the appointment of judge cavanaugh to the us supreme court, not because he is not qualified, because he is. i oppose this individual for one reason	1-judge cavanaugh is very hostile and no friend to the aca and healthcare
thats odd. trump supporters are furioius about the trump baby balloon flying around london, but they dont give a rats ass about the 700,000 homless kids in the us everyday,
with all respect, as americans we cannot allow the ultra conservative religious right to take over this nation. The religious right are basically good but very misguided people. I admire their devotion but not their actions
was there ever a doubt that the trump administration would meet their deadline o july 10th for family reunification? Now the deadline is up to the doj? Are you kidding me?
the trump supreme court nominee  if confirmed will be the most omportant pick of his administration. democrats must be ready to battle this pick head on, or we will lose everything in november.
mike you gotta run!
to the 14000 immigrants who will become new us citizens today, god bless you and congratulations.
Unfortunately we have us vs them in the us. The trumpeters vs the resistance. We already have a civil war in this country. Why is there so much hate? I'm a white person. I'm not afraid one bit if minorities become the majority. If we don't really work together, our nation is done
Less gay lesbian and transgender people? More poverty? Outlaw abortions Why can't we as a nation work together to really solve. These issues? Come on folks, the present and future of our nation is at stake. I believe in guns but not in the hands of the wrong people.
To our friends on the religious right asking with the trumpeters, another senseless killing today in Maryland. Five people dead. What is your solution? Another trump lackey on the us supreme Court? Les immigrants? More tax breaks for the wealthy? More pandering to the trump ?
Senator schumer, instead of worrying about marijuana, you should be behind the scenes	Working on how you will stop trump, McConnell,a and the rest of the Republicans from selecting and confirming an ultra conservative to the supreme Court.
The fight for the present and future of our nation is on. Democrats wake up. It is time for the resistance led Dems to fight like hell or we are screwed permanently.
Why?because if trump and the scumbag Republicans are allowed to select and confirm a hardcore conservative the following topics will be on the table	Abortion	Medicare	Medicaid	Voting rights	Unions	Immigration	Women's rights, etc	The base must be fired up and fight and stop	This.
With the retirement of us supreme Court justice Anthony Kennedy, the resistance here in the us along with every Democrat must pull a Mitch MC connell and put a stop to any trump nominee
@tictoc Why is Starbucks closing 150 us stores?
As dems, we must come up with practical common sense and realistic alternatives to what is going on today. if we dont, i feel november will be very bad for us.
Here it is Trumpsters vs the resistance https://t.co/4lAruOrlGg those trump disciples who are phony churcgoers and just evil, we will fight as hard as we can. we will vote your ass out in n ovember. To my fellow dems,we cannot just be theparty of no	like republicans are.
I believe this president will use this ruling to keep whole groups of people from coming to the us. Remember two things:	1-Trump does not like immigrants	2-Trump hates muslims
I see two sides to the SCOTUS upholding the travel ban. Yes the POTUS does have the right to keep people out of the US who are a threat to us. On the other hand, since this is the most despicable and crooked administration of all time.
if anyone needs to go its mitch mc Connell.
As a law abiding citizen, I am appalled at the 	Fact that in the 21st century, our nation has	Become resistance vs maga. I do believe that we are a nation of immigrants. I believe that we need to take care of Americans first. But what is	Happening at the border is just wrong.
Meanwhile the scumbag republicans continue to do what they do best. CUT!	SEE YOU IN NOVEMBER
who do we as americans do all the dirty work like set up the rat traps in restaurants? The  IMMIGRANTS THATS WHO
Mr President you are so against immigrants, yet what about all these Russian who are coming here to give birth?
The best place for the resistance to continue to be successful is:	PROTESTS		VOTING BOOTH
to the religious right, I have one question, what would jesus do?
did the president of the us just threaten a us congresswoman? Congresswoman waters all the rhetoric does is divide the country even more. Be careful! some trump supporters go too far
The worse scandal of the trump administration is the disaster at the border. What do we want to be a society, open or closed?
I would like to know where are all the fraudulent, evil and ridiculous religious right trump supporters on the border crisis? Where is your compassion for these	kids?
we need businessman and multi-millionaire lew blum in city council. we need more business execs to run and be elected in 19. Mr Blum is a very tough but fair person who has a firm grasp on the issues which we as a city face.
hey Stephen miller, I would be honored to speak with you on the phone and straighten you out on a number of issues. Im in the phone book.
absolutely, it is the majority, not everyone, but the majority of trump supporters who are ruining this once great nation.
republicans grow a pair of balls before its too late
Why are the republicans so afraid of trump and the scumbag, fraudulent, hypocritical and evil religious right.
why does this administration led by trump, think we the people who don't like him are idiots when it comes to the horror of what is going on at the border?
Democrats in congress need to do more than sign a bill to reverse the policy at the border. Second, they need to stop hiding under the desk and show they have a pair of balls.
As usual trump talks a good game, but as usual hr talks out of both sides of his ass
What is the ACLU doing about this tragedy of inhumanity on the border?
all the president is make one phone call and this latest disgusting chapter in the trump administration will be over.
secretary neilsen is another example of the corrupt, stupid, deplorable administration in our nation's history. Seperating kids from their parents is immoral, cowardly, tragic, but its trump
ann coulter, why don't you go back under the rock from which you slithered out from.
Reverand Sharpton, I too am appalled and disgusted by the way sessions is using scripoture as the basis for seperating kids from their parents at the border.  But I would like to know where is your outrage when a white is gunned down by a black or hispanic individual?
#FlagDay
If walmart does this, you will lose not gain business, and many sho0ers at least for a while will be v3y frustrated with this new system. I am a big fan of walmart, I don't wanna lose that.
The walmart plan to eliminate cashiers and check-out lines is so wrong on so many levels. Mr. McMillan, these are good loyal hard working employees who do not get paid a whole lot, and you want to eliminate their jobs. Tell billion gates and Microsoft thanks but no thanks.
I just read something very disturbing on Facebook. Apparently Microsoft is going to develop the technology so walmart  can	Eliminate cashiers and check-out lines.
I just made a donation to help kids with cancer! You can too: https://t.co/JfkUozIWgo
RT @PBSSoCal: Hey, California Voters! In November, we'll pick a State Controller. In advance of next week's primary let our friends at @KCE…
Allow me another test on racism. White people are not taught that the police are always right, but we are taught at a very early age to respect the cops.
Once again I must comment onstarbucks.	I believe that the chair Howard Schulz and CEO 	Mr Johnson should to the white community in this country for blaming racism all on white people.
Starbucks racism is a two way street. The next time you have anti racism training in the us maybe you should invite white people too so they can give you the other side of the story. 	The training is not to teach white people about their racism . How dare you. Apologize
Mr president respectfully get over it. Stop blaming Hilary Clinton and president Obama for the mistakes you make on a daily basis, and the ongoing scandal that is your administration.
Hey Alex Jones you are a scumbag horses ass
The first step towards breaking or putting a dent in childhood poverty is real education with a pipeline to good jobs
The first step to ending childhood poverty is quality education.
I donated to red nose day, the specific effort to end child poverty in the us and worldwide. Now	I don't believe that childhood poverty will end anytime soon, but if we can put a large dent in this issue, then we are doing something very 	Positive and important.
hey where the hell is al Sharpton, the liberal media, jesse Jackson, Bernie sanders, etc on the killing of Officer Caprio by three teenage scumbags?
@RawStory By the way Mr euthenasia, the Republicans are hurting the disabled and poor on a daily basis.	We will take care of your fraudulent assholes come november. In the meantime I cordially invite you to email me at mrdino2@hotmail.com, or I invite you to come to Philadelphia.
@RawStory To the scumbag Republican who suggested euthenasia for the disabled and poor to avoid food stamps go fuck yourself.
@StormResist @ResistanceNOW77 This is another example of the hypocrisy, ignorance, bullshit and fucking stupidity of the Republicans. How dear you kick 30000 people out of their nursing homes because of your bastard budget. You should be ashamed!Ed of yourselves, but unfortunately your not.
Mr president why is it so hard for you to watch	Paralympics?
I am very sorry to see congressman Pat Meehan resign. I know of him for years as a true constituents congressman who cared 	Very much about people and their concerns	We're his concerns.
@NewsHour President trump I would love to talk to you about the daily challenges disabled people face.
To our very special sister Vicky, our very special brother in law Kevin, and our very special angel Shannon, we are sorry we cannot attend your fundraiser tomorrow nite. We will be there in spirit. We love you and we know that the event will be a tremendous success.
James Shae is a hero, and he is one of my heroes. We need a lot more people like him.	Good bless you and your family.
Here is how you get political leaders to pay	Attention is to vote those bummed out.
I couldn't agree more. In order for us to identify and resolve our very. Serious issues that we face together, we must really begin to work together instead of just talking about them	Like so many pols do
How do receive unclaimed money??
Folks, first of all the property tax increase is not 6.5% but 11% and for small businesses it's even worse.	Second, the office of property assessment told this. To city council. So our Mayor lied to us in February. But this is the tip of the iceber
Racial discrimination is wrong, it must end. But racial discrimination is a Two way street..
Racial discrim
@CBSPhilly I'm sorry, but enough. We have not heard the other side of this story
I do not like Mondays they always suck.
councilman Johnson I also would like to talk to you about clip coming to clean up our ally
Councilman Johnson, happy Easter to you and your family. I need to speak to you this week on two very important issues. 	1-councilman combs tax related bill		2-the outrageous number of businesses in the second councilman to district that are just not	Handicapped accessible.
Laura Ingram got  her ass kicked and	Was embarrassed on national radio by a 	Seventeen year old.. Laura I thought you were	Smarter than this.
@SocialPowerOne1 Every neighborhood in our region state and nation needs	To be examined and developed led by the residents.
@PhiladelphiaGov When we talk about equity in our. Neighborhoods see mean every neighborhood  not just center city university city. People from every neighborhood pay taxes..
Councilman Johnson, good evening how are	You? This is your good friend and supporter Dino rossi. I suffered s third heart attack	On January 26 th. I am finally home and doing	Much better. I am tweeting you tonight. When	Will council get all the missing money? Thank you.
Mr minuchin you are simply delusional.
@UESChristine Minority leader polosi i		Minority leader polosi respectfully I do not care about the rings of illegals
@ooshdesign Mrs. Clinton 65.8 m people including my wife and I consid3 you the leader of the resistance. But hplease please think about 2020. The country needs you. But if you run again please don't take  any group for granted, and you need to run a 50 state campaign.
@hempiproducts Alza maciel
@hempiproducts
Today is the first day of the rest of the resistance
The number one issue in this country is hatred that divides us everyday.
President trump isn't the only coward afraid of 	Teens today. What about the chickenshit nfa	Members andthesscumnbag. Pols??
The worldwide march for life, part of the resistance will begin to fix this national and the rest of our world
I stand with the young people all over the world, who along with women, are the new leaders off	The 21st century resistance.
@LoralieHursman Truly enough is enouhh
I hope and pray that we can stop the hatred in	This nation.
Mrhassett you need your head examined of youthink146000 lost jobs is small.
I cannot believe all the B's in Washington. I will 	Tell you that even though he was not my choice	I do agree with president trump on a couple	Of issues like	Drug dealers must get the death penalty	Illegal immigrants who are violent criminals	Must be deported
i bet you if we held back the paychecks of congtrss, the white house, etc you	see how fast financial issues woulf be settlrd
the 2018 resistamce marches must turn into political victories in november
the proof of what i just said is this. trump is not upset about the government shutdown, no daca deal, no chip reauthorization, no the president nis upset 	because he could not run to mara lago for his 50000.00 per person fundraiser/	dinner. give me a break.
let us be very clear. trump and the republicans are scumbags and frauds. they never had any intention of a daca deal and chip reauthorization. to deprive 9m kids of health insurance is not surprising. trump and the r;s do not give a rats ass 	to regular everyday people.
president trump and the scumbag republicans never had any intention of helping the dreamers, the chip kids, etc. we the voters will have the final say here
speaker ryan, you are a first class scumbag
no ney  nuetrality means the beginning of the end of free speech
the second biggest fraud in washington is houde speaker paul ryan
@ReBuildUSANow it is tine for congress to get off their collective ass and allocated the necessary funds for us infrastructure
The comments made by President Trump yesterday, unfortunately is how many people in the usa think. If the resistance does not defeat  the hate in our	society, we are done!!
secretary carson, good afternoon. it is the opinion of many people in the big city like philadelphia, that we need to put a cap on the number of section 8 housing units.
to the very special person, i hope you have a super sunday
to the very special person i want to wish you a sensational saturday
so a lot of the companies who bragged about giving their employees 1000.00	bonuses two weeks ago laid a lot of people off. what a sham.
to that very special person, i hope you have a fantastic friday
To the very special person when you go out today please make sure that you bundle up and are warm enough, it is frigid outside.
the us economy in 2018 needs to be measured by how the regular working person is doing.
Blue year 18 must begin today!!
Senator Toomey, you are a good public servant, but I believe that in 18 you should establish strategic town hall events	All over pa
Whoever votes against long term funding for chip, he or she must be thrown out in november
Yes 2018 must be healthy, creative and productive
To a very special person in my life I hope you will have a very happy new year day.
TO A VERY SPECIAL PERSON HAPPY NEW YEAR
To that very special person in my life I hope you have a super	Saturday.
to that very special person in my life, i hope you have a phenomenal Friday.
mayor kenney, i believe that the business community needs a much larger role in the operations of the school district. our community schools must have  job 	training and vocational education as a major component.
as we go into 2018, your honor, please do not put a bunch of kiss ass political	hacks on the new sdp school board.  we have a golden opportunity wih the blessing of the state to put the sdp on the right track.
UNLESS WE IN THE RESISTANCE PUT A STOP TO THIS NONSENSE,WHAT IS HAPPENING TO 9 MILLION KIDS IS ONLY THE BEGINNING
To the very special person in mind life I hope you have a 	Terrific Thursday!
GOOD NIGHT
To the very special person in my life I hope that today is a really good one for you
to the republicans, nedicare and ss are not luxuries, we paid for them, its our money, keep your hands off or you will pay a severe price in november
To the very special person in my life oi hope you have a terrific Tuesday.
barbara i could not agree with more.  You are a legend and one of the most astute people on the planet.
we desperately need to bring vocational training in schools(and get the business	community much involved in education because not every student is going to go to college, not every student will be tech ready. These students must learn a trade.
to the very special person in my life, i want you to have a very merry Christmas, you deserve one
MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves if they get rid of Ms. Joan Walsh. Ms. Walsh is a voice of reason, compassionate, smart, does her hw on an issue, and is always respectful. Mr Roberts get off your rich ass and make sure that jw stays at msnbc. Who's next? I smell trump here
If the resistance does not overturn Trump tax then the next	Three things they will go after are	1ss	2-medicare	3-medicaid
thats right, we will see the fraudulent republicans in november. The  big question  is how much damage will they do by november?
without net nuetrality, we begin to lose our first ammendment rights in a very real way
Spreading the wealth! The big companies always had wealth to spread, why wait til now
you know it takes a lot of courage to take healthcare from kids. what a bunch of scumbag cowards in suits
if we do not grow the resistance, and throw all of these frigen bums out in 2018	we will be dead
unfortunately, mr dworkim made the point about year 1 of the trump era
these big corporations that are giving out 1000.00 bonuses are doing a very good thing, but how bout raising their salaries and I guess they had the money all the time for bonuses.  This is proof the newe tax scam and job act law of	2017 is juszt for the big guys...
at and t is committing one billion dollars in capital investments and giving many of their employees a 1000 dollar bonus. that is tremendous! now the big question	how many new jhobs will you create over thew next 10 years
fifth third bancorp and comcast, because of the new tax scam and jobs act are giving many employees.  great! what about committing to creating many new jobs over the course of at least the next 10 years
legal immigration does not put a strain on the economy
This is a tax plan that will benefit the wealthy an a gift to them and large corporations.
Ms Huckabee Sanders, how does it feel to get up and lie to the american people with a straight face everyday?
the beginning of the end of the middle class. all these bums must go in 18
Second, why dont these trains wich travel on severely outdated tracks have seatbelts? It is very inexpensive to put seatbelts on passenger trains.	Third, to our corrupt, immoral, and scumbag pols in washington, it is time to	stop talking and really invest in infrastructure.
yes, but speaker ryan, who will benefit most from the new tax cuts and jobs act of 2017?
Robert Mueller is not a wimp! He knows exactly what is going on!
The taxcut and jobs act of 2017 is the first step to run not	Help the middleclass
Eagles big win but the defense must tighten up and fast. It is not good that the number thirty one offense in then scored	Twenty four points against us.
Mr eichenwald I could not agree with you more.
Mr President, the internet for millions of americans is. Their	Lifeline. Please don't allow the big tech Giants to dictate what. How, and for how long ewe can do things on the internet.	Thank you!
Councilman oh it sounds like he just wants college grads or 	Educational pros on the new Philadelphia school board. At least the Kenny administration does not think so!
Once again fast Eddie trying from make life more difficult for nonprofits. Ed Rendell, leave nonprofits alone.
Mr mayor you have a golden opportunity to be the education	Mayor. Please do not put political hacks on the new board.
Mr mayor, you have the golden opportunity to really rebuild Philadelphia. But when you include diversified community services, universal, pec, the Enterprise center you take a	Great risk in your plans.
why is the number of minority contractors so important on any projrct in Philadelphia? I mean, we want the best contractors minority and non minority.
the proposed gop tax bill is disastrous for the middle class.
To the very special person in my life have a great monday
to the very special person in my life, i hope you have a wonderful monday
To my love, good morning! I hope you have a super Sunday!!
The Republicans want Roy moore to win in Alabama because he says what many believe.
If we slow free speech on college campuses we are in very serious trouble as a society.
It is very wrong to kick any student out of a college coffee	Shop just because they support the President. Come on	Knock it the hell off!
To the most special person in my life, I hope you have a super Saturday.
the us supreme court must make sure that prejudiced, hatred, separation are not	the values of our society. remember the money of the gay couple going to the bakery for a wedding cake is just as good as other people's money
I always want to know how does the federal government end	Up running out of money?
I think Google and Facebook enhance the news.
Time magazine has named the whistleblowers of the me too movement as person of the year. This came out of the resistance worldwide movement. Congratulations to time	Magazine for selecting real people as person of the year.
@PHLBizJournal i am a former catholic brother with the servants of charity. during the era i was part of, don guanella school, ck center. and divine providence village	was the model.
to my very special person, i hope the rest of today will be very good for you
@Vernon_Odom I am sorry, but the reason why the bulletproof windows are	Needed is because the employers and their staff do not	Want to get shot. Where is commissioner Ross here??	What are the crime stats hers? Leave the business alone	Or  we may lose them!
To the very special person in my life, I hope you have a marvelous monday
any politician who votes or voted for this tax and jobs act including taking away chip	for 9m kids must pay the price asap
I support Medicare for all, but the big question is who and how will psy for this?
As Democrats we need to push John fetterman who is as real	As oit goes!
Congressman Bob Brady has got to go! He has made a 	Mockery of service for 30 years
@KamalaHarris Senator Harris, how can we still stop this nightmare?
It takes a lot of balls to take healthcare away from 9m kifs
Good morning! To that most special person in my life, I hope you have a sensational Sunday.
let us continue to support our small local businesses, the real engine of the economy.
Many of the president's own supporter do not like this new tax and jobs act.	Are you kidding me?
really, once again, the republicans sold out 99 percent of the us population.
i am so sick of pols getting away with everything like in the case of senator menendez. he belongs out of the senate
if we allow the trump led tax and jobs act to become law, this country will	be in serious trouble.
to the William penn foundation. I give you credit for your commitment to rebuild	Philadelphia. but now, why did you fund that ornament on the parkway? why don't you put some focus on training and economic development
the so called trickled down economics has never worked why? because the wealthy never got the memo.
@OxEMorons @phillydotcom we will be able to tell if we can believe the mayor by who is on the board
@phillydotcom mr mayor, please do not put political hacks on this board.
the city of Philadelphia needs to change its priorities. stop worrying about the Christmas tree at city hall, get rid of bulletproof glass in businesses. tackle the real issues, poverty education, jobs, collecting money from tax deadbeats, etc.
i just read a report that said more people in Philadelphia are going hungry while the	national average decreses
What I am hoping in wc ,18 is a Portugal Argentina final	Featuring The two best players in the world Rinaldo and mesi.
Physicians are telling the truth about the proposed tax and jobs act, if passed, it will wreck healthcare for all of us.
World cup draw is complete. My pick for champion is Portugal.
Today is also the day that Rosa parks gave birth to the modern us civil rights movement by refusing to sit in	The back of the bus after a very hard day of work as	A seamstress.
Comcast startups need your money as well as your advice
On world AIDS day, we must recommit ourselves to fight and defeat the scourge of hiv and AIDS. Dr Anthony fauci must	Continue to lead the fight.
How will the suburbs react to the proposed tax and jobs act?
I think the average Philadelphia consumer clearly knows	Why certain businesses have this to of window.
Why? Because a business owner does not want themselves	And their staff to get shot. It is that simple. With all the very	Important issues that we have here in philadelphia.why are	We wasting time with a non starter?
Councilwoman Cindy bass, with all due respect if a  business	Owner decides that he or she needs bulletproof glass in	Their establishment and they pay for it, then I do not see	Where city council has anything to sa
Seriously are we as a nation going to give up on the battle with aids?
Senator Warren, great move. I just hope we're not too late
I applaud good companies who create jobs, make money, and take care of their employees. But I don't  want companies to make money at the expense of the rest of us.
Congratulations Thomas jefferson university to create	Global health center.
I am glad to see that the city of Philadelphia is and will be	Working more with the business community in order to 	Improve our public schools.
If the Trump led Republican based tax bill jobs act becomes law, then the middle class and the poor will be picking up 	Ninety one percent of the bill to keep the federal government	Open
why are we posting threats to muslims outside of a mosque? we will never progress	as a society as long as hatered prevails
to the most important person in my life, continue to have a good thursday
let us leave the muslim community alone.
Good morning to the very special person in my life I hope you have a terrific Thursday.
If a convenience store owner has bulletproof glass in their store then there is a reason. The owner does not want him or his employees to get shot for some money. City council	Is making a very big mistake here. Kill this bill
why is the us backing down a little in the fight against aids?		are we giving up here?
as much as i admire and respect mark zuckerberg, show americans something by telling the government to keep net nuetrality #CheddarLive
another monumental 21st century us supreme court case that will effect the lives of any american #CheddarLive
Congrats Mr President, the economy expanded at 3.3%	That's wonderful. I give you a lot of credit.
To the very special person in my life, I hope that you have a wonderful Wednesday.
It really takes a lot of courage to take healthcare away from	9 million kids? Any pol who voted to do this should just stick your head in the ground.
Republicans are cowards. Why don't you explain why you want to raise taxes on 87 m of us?
Are you telling us that there is not one Republican with a	Conscience?
@ReBuildUSANow 63 million Americans are exposed to deadly drinking water. Are you serious? What can be done here?
to that one very special person in my life, i hope you continue to have a really good tuesday
I told you about universal companies. The feds are zeroing in Rahim Islam Sr, etc. I still have and hold a lot of respect for Kenny gamble. mr gamble built universal from the ground up and has always treated me with repect, dignity and appreciation. so has Rahim islam jr.
congrats to senator harris I hope that there will be enough senators who will vote	down the tax relief and jobs act
happy Tuesday to all, in particular one very special person in my life.
One very positive method to boost our local economy,create	More jobs and bring down poverty is by developing clean 	Energy jobs
With all due respect, is public art really part of the process to reform ex cons?
Emergency alert systems are and have been the lifeline	For millions of Americans. Anything that can be done	To improve the system will be greatly appreciated.
I believe that the people who will benefit from the proposed tax cuts are the infamous one percent
Thought number six on our philanthropic crisis	I love when funders do not want to give you money to pay	 Part of the salary to staff in the program. Money does not	 Grow on trees. And to the funders don't you get paid, well	 Nonprofits must be paid too
Another thought on our philanthropic crisis	5-a nonprofit can be very successful if develop, implement 	   And can sustain a for profit entity which if successful	   Can and will bring in a steady flow of unrestricted	   Income
Besides our cable and internet bundles going up, if the	Government allows companies like Verizon and Comcast	To dictate internet usage,this will be a disaster.
the fourth point I wanna make on our philanthropic crisis	4-funders play favorites with money. org like oic, universal, dcs, ucsep receive a lot	   of money for doing basically nothing, give me a break. the funders who do this	   should be ashamed of themselves
my third thought on our philanthropic crisis	3-too many nonprofits do the same thing because the program is sexy, popular or	   financially expedient. programs/services of non profits must be based on the needs	   of the community they serve.
My second thought on our philanthropic crisis.	Many times certain funders want you to do a program for	Three hundred kids but only pay you for one hundred.	They think that the org will just fall in line and do this	For those who do this, stop
Just a first thought on our philanthropic crisis	1-remember, with the exception of a very few, funders do not	   Want to give you money. They would rather keep it in the	   Bank.
I just read a very unique article on the present and future of the nonprofit and philanthropic sectors. Many nonprofits	Are nearly hanging on. Funding is down so allow me a few	Thoughts..
Mr President you are dead wrong about three cfpb.at long last three is or was an entity dedicated to protecting we the	Consumers. I anxiously await your plans
Good luck chip, try to listen to your coaches and players once	In a while.
Al sharpton will visit me mill. I have lost any respect for you rev Al. You cannot put all white people in one lousy 	Barrel.
If this corrupt administration can steal the cfpb we as consumers are in real trouble. Senator Warren, you must stop this
To the scumbag Republicans and cowardly Democrats	I courage is not ending the chip for nine million kids who do not vote, etc. Vote the right way or face dire results
Mr President have a very happy thanksgiving
Philadelphia is not a city of flash mobs despite what goes on..	At times. Throw these low life in jail, and throw away the keys.
@thehill Gunny g is half right. We must begin this fight to let net	Neutrality the same tomorrow a.j. by flooding the phones of every rep and senator. Second those who do not have, kick them out in ,18
The tax and jobs act if passed by the Senate, will prove	Disastrous in the lives of every middle class American	And family. Call your senator today, vote noooooooo
Altering net neutrality in any way takes the power of conversation and action way from us the consumer and let's the Giants call all the shots. It is time for the entire world to
Robert reich is correct, if we lose nuetrality in any way, it could signal the beginning of the end of internet, social media, and our first amendment rights. Now is the time for us to organize at the local, state, and federal levels .
The internet is not a toy	Social media is ot a toy
Fbi it's about time
I do not believe that cellphones have any place at the	Table
Once again, your honor, some of the nonprofits that's have been chosen as first round leaders of rebuild Philadelphia are just dead wrong	Pec	Dcs	Enterprise center	This is a bigmistake
If any level of government tries to eliminate net nuetrality, then as a nation, we are in very bad situation.
outstanding, another cristo rey high school in our region.
congrats to the two finest sportscasters in the business Merrill reese and mike quick on your new contracta, you both deserve them
the education of our kids is he responsibility of everyone now that the city will take back the schools
school district of Philadelphia contracts must go to the most qualified individual and/or organization-minority or not
The new house passed and Senate researched tax bill is going to be a tremendous burden on average americans
I don't always agree with the president but I agree 100 percent here. marshan lynch should be suspended for good from the nfl
Mr. Bayless, with all due respect, if the cowgirls had a few of their best in there,ci think the game would of been a	Little closer, but the eagles would've still won.
Any pol who does not work to secure chip funding for nine	Million kids is a total scumbag
For all the joy over the big win in Dallas, just take one game at a time. Next up da bears.
Any politician who does not work to restore is a first. Class	Scumbug
Eagles destroy the cowgirls in Dallas 37. To 9
one of the best days of the year is coming small business Saturday, November 25	I hope many of us will go out and support the true engine of the us economy, the	small business
Thesrc to a point was a https://t.co/vJCgwyzPDi what??
Miss Sanders I would like a carton of whatever your smoking
Mr President we all know why you purposely forgot	California on your disaster aid package.
I cannot imagine the horror of being thrown out of your home or apartment, and I pray that none of us will experience this
Will gc business provide any seminars?
Mayor Kenny here are. A few people you should consider	For the new school board	Amy gutman	John fry	Bill green jr	Marialana sauters	Karen Dougherty buckholz	1 teacher	2 parents	1 principal
Larry we need to hear and see you a whole lot more!
A very happy birthday to my adopted mom elanor tierno. I	Love you and thank you for always treating me like your third son. God bless you.
Without diversity and inclusion improving our society will	Never move forward
Too many hate crimes in the us
Cudos to governor Cuomo and the good people of New York for taking a serious look at the menu crisis in the us
I would not throw around the words eagles and super bowl just yet
Throw those ametaur vandals in thetombs, that will teach them a lesson
The dog is truly everyone's best friend!
Tax reform is a very divisive issue because we do not know all of the key points yet
one of the great days of the year small business Saturday nov 25th. go out and support your local small businesses
RT @Dinorossi14: mr president, public safety as you know. this is the issue that got you 	elected. millions of people throughout the us inc…
we cannot leave millions of kids without health insurance because the dumb ass congress purposely missed the deadline. this is unconcionable
mr president, public safety as you know. this is the issue that got you 	elected. millions of people throughout the us including myself want to work with you to make our streetrs, neighborhoods, communities, etc much safer. we need more copoe walking the streets, we $$$
elon musk and tesla do it again
I agree! A relationship should be between just two people not others on Twitter!
But, your honor, once again you have shown just how sneaky you and your administration are by allowing terrible non	Profits like diversified community services, universal	Companies, and the Enterprise center to be the first round	Non profit leaders of rp.
Let me begin by saying how much I support rebuild Philadelphia. Rp finally will bring us on par with other cities	With regards to remodeling, rebuilding, our rec center, parkslibraries. Also the community school component  is 	Special.
Sannctuary city is a very difficult issue. There are good points to be made on both sides. The  judge ruling against add sessions opens the door for sc all over the us
Allow me to correct my last tweet?. Respectfully, I do not think that Philly needs a law mandating affordable housing! I believe we have enough
Philadelphia certainly does not need a law mandating affordable housing,we have enough already. I say this will respect!
The sixers come to play!!
Will the src ending and Philadelphia gain control of the school district be the start of something special or the beginning of the end?
I am not convinced that giving the city control over the SD	From the src is a wise move. Why? Because the mayor will put his cronies on the board.
Congrats to Dr Reynolds and the mda for the progress you have made in the fight against mda diseases. Let us also thank all of the people who donate and have donated to mda and of course to Jerry lewis
I do not want a tax break if it is at the expense of millions losing their health insurance and many deductions
Tax assistance at the expense of 13000000 losing their	Health insurance is a colossal joke. Call your us rep and us senators
There must be another way for the city of Philly to showcase	The talents of mural artists
A black law professor says white people can't be trusted.	Hey professor, people who can't be trusted come from all	Groups!!!
Once again, mayor Kenny kissing up to his base!
The meek mill situation has not a thing to do with Thanksgiving!
The scumbag Republicans want tax relief by taking healthcare away from millions. Grow a pair of balls! Sit doown with the ds and work it out!
I applaud giving our troops a rise. But the scumbag Republicans want tax breaks by taking healthcare away from millions of Americans. Stop being cowards Obamacare is the law
Another senseless killing. This time in northern California	We pray for the victims and their families. One decent spot here no kids were killed
it looks like philly may be losing the amazon battle
this is a good point sen sanders.
vp biden, you have to run in 2020
I don't have a lot of compassion forrowdy people who get drunk, out of control, etc
God bless the wonderful Walmart cashier who helped a	Very nervous customer.
Mr President how much of a tax break will middle class	Americans receive?
No hardworking American deserves another tax hikel
Kushner will be a bad da for citizens of philadelphia
Is fema done in PR?
Mr President you allowed that scumbag duarte sing to you?	How embarrassing sir
Bernie are you running in 2020?
Steve bannon and company are destroying the republicanparty
How does gq magazine justify Colin kappernick as person of the year? Really!!!
vp biden, you must run for the wh in 2020
It's Monday let's make it a really good day!
The Trump immigration plan needs to be replaced examined
there is  noting like a good dog
I think that too much Christmas music can be bad for your health
@FRIASM @JustNicksIt @jonmorosi @MLB @MLBNetwork The Phil's should do everything they can to land gisnarlo	Stantob!!!
Oh boy, now we have a pissing contest between Trump and	Jung! Wow!
It is time for the laity to educate themselves, speak out and act like true disciples of Christ in s https://t.co/aLs7yz0mrf via @americamag
Congress must step in and put a half to the immoral and	Unrealistic tax hikes proposed by Trump and many but not	All republicans
@PopisRestaurant  what do your Thanksgiving  meals look	Like for a handicapped couple who will send someone to pick it up?
Why would anyone leave their dog out in the cold?
Congrats to the winners of the clean block competition. How I wish my block could win that title!!
To all our wonderful veterans, thank you!! Happy veterans day!!
Throw thescumbug who severely beat his girl friends dog in jail with people who love animals.
I would give any person suffering w cancer any help I	Could including my handicapped parking spot
Secretary Clinton, I believe the worse mistake we as a nation has made in the new century is not electing you pres
Where the hell did that poor toddler get the gun?
We cannot and must not let chip go down the drain! The	Future Heath of nine million kids depends on https://t.co/qUsyp4YpK6	Your rep and senator on monday
Please let us take homeless people and animals off the streets at night and get them into a place warm, friendly and safe
It is a great day when the rothman ice rink opens!
The resistance must continue!!
I hate to ask, but what happened to all the coats and other clothes that were	donated last year?
Mrbiden please, please run!!
If Mr Moore is guilty of sexual misconduct, he must go!!
Transit police are unsung heroes in our society!
One of the great sporting events each year the championship game of the unity cup. Soccer is the beautiful game!
To all our veterans, living and deceased, we say thank you for your sacrifice of time, talents, etc.god bless you and your families.. happy veterans day!!
What is happening in point breeze? Whe4 are the so called great nonprofits?
Rip doc
Whoever putthehooks in the dog snackssghoulsbe locked	Up for a very long time.
Could the Colorado vote to throw Comcast and CenturyLink out be another fight in the ressistance. I like Comcast but with the money I spend each month on cable I could buy car
The people have spoken. Voters in a coloradhotown kick Comcast and CenturyLink out in favor of a citizens run broadband network.
yes, the eagles have more work to do, but we are going in the right direction.	when is doug Pederson going to get credit he deserves?
happy birthday to one of my favorite people, adam joseph and many more
good luck to the undefeated upper moreland hs football team this week
mike felger, how dare you you must be fired immediately
Congrats on schuykill yards groundbreaking. But when I see	People like Jim Kenny and Della Clark there, I become very	Worried. Why? Philly already has enough serious issues
I've always said that too much Christmas music can harm	Your mental health. So listen but don't get overwhelmed
Let us begin the holidays by supporting our small businesses on small business Saturday November 25th
Diversity is a key to taking the us back
!Mr President what and where is fema in PR?
I sweat the small details
Mr President nobody should ever underestimate the resolve  	Of the american people
Does the got have the right workers for the economy of	Today?
No one should leave the us to go somewhere else for	Medical care
Send Harris I could not agree more
@FOX29philly @Eagles What game were you watching?
mr president, the tragedy in texas is a mh issue, but also a gun issue
roy moore is wrong for america
today is disability awareness day. to all our brothers and sisters in the disability community never give up.
when corporations close stores does anyone look a the effects this will have on the employees who lose their jobs and their families.
peru is the richest country/ someone should tell the millions who live in poverty
democrats demand gun control after texas church massacre. instead of demanding sit down w republicans and work on solutions
26 people who were going to church and not causing any	Trouble are gone and 20 others injured!
@nytimes Horrific and absolutely senseless
President Trump where are you on the latest. National	Tracked?
Take the handcuffs off the cops!!! Let them do their jobs
Texas is another example of senseless tragedies, the government shakes their head, and then it happens	Again.
We need a comprehensive nation wide effort to put an end to	These senseless tragedies.
@SaulColon3 @rd32_era Let us take one step at a time!
@SenWarren Send warren another senseless tragedy. What has to happen	Before the feds help solve this crisis.pleasfe run in 20
Mr President come home please!!
When will Congress get off their sorry ases and correctly	Address the problem of mass shootings!
We need a whole new generation of good decent people to run for public office.
Where are all the bandwagon fans now?
What happened in Texas is an absolute disgrace. Where	Are the feds?
It is verysaddaytoday when good people cannot go to church in peace. People were bothering no one.where is agsessions?
I agree why is it called tweeting?
The pspca is one of our finest organizations.
Technology is not a beautiful gift and a tremendous	Bufden.
The inquirer today speaks of the courage of our mayor. I	Don't know is it courage or just politics!
So the President had to go over to play golf?
Why can't the flyers win a close one?
The resistance is growing!
education is the great equalizer
despite the efforts of the president and republicans the aca is still the law. does it	have problems/ yes so let us fix them and move on
my pick for the eagles game vs denver. 21-14 birds
i firmly believe that is time to begin looking for a very strong candidatw who 	can defeat mayor kenney in 2019
Where the hell is the leadership in Chester and what are they doing to really	Lly bring down crime?
Why do we as adults continue to use kids as pawns on our sick illegal acts of evil?
Mr president congrats!!
Thank you Cecily!
Never compromise, always be yourself
There is nothing courageous and gutsy about mayor Kenny	Philadelphia and Kenny's cronies should not run the sdp
Racoons must go or we will have so many problems it	Will be ridiculous!
Absolutely it is people and small businesses who give a	Community it's life and identity
Monica, there is no big reason in my view to move the statue.	After all, Frank rizzo was all about municipal services.
As I predicted, mayor kkeny is going to move the Rizzo 	Statue. What's next the roocky statue?
Why is Abbott's square so confusing?
Where is fema with PR?
How much will technology play in our future?
Vp gore, we need you in 2020!!!
Mr President I couldn't agree more!
President Clinton, we need you now more than ever!
Did Trump screw the dreamers in the tax plan?
We must rethink mental health in the us
What the hell is going on in Chicago mayor. Rohm?
Why is educating investors useless?
Congrats to hannemann, it's about time we see some of	The great work you do!
If an employee on their last day can deactivate Trump's	Twitter account, what can happen to the rest. Of us?
The first results of Trump tax are not promising for	Regular people
How will real tax breaks affect jobs?
Government programs must be effective
We are really at the bottom of the barrel if any police	Chief is accused of a hate crime!
How will really tax relief affect jobs?
Welcome to Philadelphia skipper!!
Yes, it is ok to be white, black, brown, etc!!! No room for	Hate!!
The new Philly live sports entertainment complex means	Millions of dollars and many family sustaining jobs.
Sugarhouse casino dropped it's lawsuit. With groundbreaking in 18, Philly will be the new sports	Entertainment capital.
A big congats to cordish brothers, and the Philly live entertainment complex.
Can anyone in Washington garuntee tax cuts for the	Middle class?
Look I like okhafor but if we're not going to play him, I	Don't know why, the just trade him!!
What is going on at saint Francis country house?
Not everyone will have a seat at my table
Mayor Kenny how many of your cronies will be on the	New board? This is a very bad mistake!!
Whatever happened to Trump care?
Jimmy tayoun and I didn't always agree on issues.but	I have a lot of respect for him. He truly did care about	People!!!
I am very sorry to here that Jimmy tayoun died today.	God bless you Jim!!!
Another cowardly act by an is is inspired scumbag.	But New Yorkers had their annual Halloween parade.	Congrats!!
We need to rethink the mural arts pdogram
Firefighters emts paramedics and cops you rock!!
Sometimes silence is the. Killer
Secretary Acosta, outstanding!!
To all our special friends atchopgod bless you!!!hh
Happy hallowen
The eagles may have just sealed the deal on 17	But  w take one game at a time!
There is a good chance that the cancer is in one area and	If that's the case, then they fix it, and it's done
My wife will have cancer surgery on Nov 27th@tjuh
To all people on Twitter, please begin to pray for my wife	Annamarie, she has cancer
Howie does it again! What a great move!!
Outstanding!this proves that the cowboys star must	Serve his suspension like everyone else!
Great job sixers keep it up!
Ms Tynan thank you for the weekly forecast
@FOX29philly Flyers get heads out of ass
Nora thank you good 	Luck
@monica_malpass Happy birthday to gray Hall! Hi	Monica!
Mayor Kenny, paying more for soda means less jobs,	Hire prices for everything. What is your reply?
Patty, I am so sorry to hear about your operation	Tomorrow. Be assured that I will be praying for you	And lou.god bless you my friend
Governor wolf congratulations! You have done the right thing for the Commonwealth of pa
I think Gabe Kepler is a good choice to be the next Phillies manager
I understand that Dr marceine mattleman is the city	Of Philadelphia rep overseeing after school programs.	Words choice ever
@6abc I pray that the 900000 without power will get it back very soon!
Don't sell yourself out!!
Still very little respect for the eagles. I just don't understand
Why would nfl owners not met with players about social justice issues?
Education is the true equalizer!
How ready are new employees for the workforce?
Senatotrbooker with all due respect, a prison is not the	First place I think of when talking about civility
Yes Amazon could spike rental fees, but property values	Will certainly rise!!
The birds are 7-1 they do not give up. When. Is Doug	Pederson going to get some credit
Make sure that Jon trainers are exposed to a number	Of different employers and different carers
Sometimes we do more with and for small business than we think!!
The first lol art of quality job training is drug testing the trainees
When h Patrick Clancy says that a lot of vetting is the	Answer in hiring ex cons, Mr Clancy does not know	The first thing about vetting!!!
But for the Democrats especially in Philadelphia ramming	The ex con down the throat of employers is just wrong
I believe that people who truly have paid their debt to	Society deserve a second chance.
Key pizza#1
Once again, governor wolf please sign the gaming expansion bill!!!
Even on a rainy day like today, check on the sick, the	Elderly and pets
Despite the rainy forecast, let's have a great day go eagles!
I commend the referees for their stand
Is Philly less corrupt	Pt than it used to be? No is Philly more stupid and infantile than it used to be? Absollutely
There is no room for hate!!
I agree it is time to take back our sp streets. But there are ways to do it!
The number one fast food and pizzeria in Philly are my good friends and extended family at key Pizza on 12th and Mifflin street
We must learn the whole foods method of business. It	Is working!!!
The number one fast food and pizzeria in Philly are my good friends and family are pizza
@Shakiraforall Iagree
The best soup in south philly comes from fuel.
Once again I ask, what are we doing to the people of	Puerto Rico??
Pope Francis keep up your phenomenal papacy!!!
Sixers are 1 and 4 instead of 4 and 1. Why? Because they do not play good defense. Threy should never had lost	The Boston or Houston games
Psu. V osu today. This really could be the game of the	Year
Governor wolf, Marcellus shale must pay their fair share	Of taxes
Governor wolf please get on board with the gaming expansion bill
Does anyone in Washington really know the effects of the	Budget?
Does the greater Philadelphia region really have the skilled	Workers Amazon would need?
2hat I thought was going to be a nice day has turned into	A mess!!!
good morning get out and enjoy this beautiful day
mr Kenny, when will we see more police walk the beat?
mayor Kenny where are you on crime?
where is the Pennsylvania business community on redistricting?
mr president, where is the money for opiod crisis/
I want to do over a few tweets. I apologize for the misspelled words
Where is the party business community on redistricing?
What kind of sick sob hurts a dog?
Once again, when people need real help, the Clinton's are right there
Where istrvarend sharpton now with regards to the defacing of plaques honoring police?
President Trump with regards to the public health email!ergency regarding opiods, where is the money?
Betsy devos is the worse Secretary of education in us history. Rolling back disability tregs, how do you slep
Pope Francis stay strong!!!
joe girardi and the phils/ its a no brainer
Mr President where is the money for this national opioid emergency?
Service dogs are the best!they provide the most simple	And loving services to people w disabilities!!!
The first federal budget of the Trump administration just	Passed.?????
one way to bring the crime rate down in philly is to have a greater police presence in the neighborhoods. more police need to walk the beat
the small businesses drive the economy. mayor Kenny are you listening/
amazon or not, Philadelphia has to do a much better job at recruiting and sustaining new businesses here
a tremendous show of strength and unity in south Philadelphia as 200 	community members remember the two young men killed last night
once again, trump and the republicans put the screws to the middle class
Too many murders in phily
How unified are Republicans?
@phillydotcom Outstanding!!!
Politicians in both parties have no balls!
We need real tax cuts for the middle class not another	Gift to the rich!!
What will happen to the money for sanctuary cities?	Is Trump serious or is he just blowing more smoke up	Our collective ass?
How many jobs will we lose if we do not retrain the	Non college educated workforce?
Secretary Duke, I agree 100% with you.my question still	Remains what are we doing now in Puerto Rico?
Mr President,who will really be the big winner with the	Proposed tax cuts?
@CecilyTynan @jussilly Good morning Cecily! I have a Welsh corgi and believe me he will wear nothing!!!
once again, with the repeal of the law that gives consumers the right to go after the	banks in groups, trump and the republicans screw us
To the Hillary hater at Kennedy nation, I really would not be using words like traitor, crook etc at Hillary with Donald Trump in the wh
Tonight game 1 of the world series. My pick Houston in 7
@CecilyTynan Thank you Cecily!!!
Today President Trump's continued to cut the Republican party up in little pieces.
losing hicks and peters is a blow for all of eagles nation. but I believe that the guys we have in their place can do the job
truly one of the great and most generous philanthropists of all time, George soros
Today it was announced that there are 238 cities vying	For Amazon hq 2 Philly is in the top three. Come on	Amazon!!come to Philly!!!
John McCain on TV this is a real Americans hero
Good morning it sounds like politicians in Washington play, the 1% get richer, and the rest of us will pay more taxes
Philadelphia city council, when does the new trash prevention program begin
what does the tax plan really mean for the average person
mr president, instead of insulting a sitting congresswoman, why don't you 	send federal marshals into the area of texas .
the texas story is living proof that we need many more not less police
a three year old little angel was punished for doing something by being left in a coyote infested section of texas. what are we doing
second day of intense but for the most part peaceful protests at the 2017	ipca conference here in Philadelphia. keep them real and peaceful
montana state won 93-13 yesterday and had 945 yards of total offense. don't you think that at some point the game should of been called?
nfl-some good games today. but the big one is tonight Atlanta v new England in the super bowl rematch
trump says he would never be president w/out twitter, thanks a lot
Heisman watch-so far its goota be barkley of psu
sixers 0-3 but I still believe in the process it is way too early
one more day til mnf eagles v redskins go birds
Houston Astros v los Angeles dodgers. This should be a great world series.
Good morning,a lot of septa delays! Take your time and plan accordingly! Have a great Sunday!!
mayor kenney, we must work together with the feds in order to improve public safety
stopppp the carson wentz mvp talk
we need more police to walk the beat
congrats to the Houston astros on winning their first national league pennant.
penn state is really number 1
president trump, 100 m for more police nationwide. outstanding thank you	America first
as americans we need to really understand the ramifications of the just passed trump budget
I believe that we can learn a.  Lot about decreasing hate in nthis country from our young people!
What will happen with immigration
People need to study the budget and tax plan
When will people in the us realize there is no room for	Hate
i invite Richard spencer to come to Philadelphia and have a private meeting with me to discuss race in america
Mr specer I would love to talk to you about race!!!
mr president the congressman is not whacky. you need to  show leadership	instead of going personal please
Have a great night!
Any conversation about race relations in our nation must begin with respect for the police
Today was a dad day!!
Goeagles
does trump care//
I hope that Philadelphia has the appropriate team. In place	To compete for Amazon's second headquarters
Mr President what about California and PR?
Trump never apologizes!!!
@People_Search_ alza maciel
Tweets by alzamaciel
Selena was a beautiful person and a wonderful talent.	She was an Goodwill ambassador for millions all over the world. May she rest in peace.
The new nba regular season tkips off Tonite.  Two	Great games on tap. Let's see who does and doesn't	Stand for our national anthem.
President Trump, Americans in PR should not have to drink contaminated water.
@richardbranson @VanJones68 I firmly believe that criminal justice reform begins with real respect of the police!!
There is no room for hate in the usa
To the scumbag neo Nazis,white supremacists etc get out of our city.  You are wrong and are not welcome in Philly.
Psu is#2 teriffic!!!
President Trump, think!!!
Mr. Zuckenberg, 3d pr really?
A very big win for our eagles last night. Right now they are the number one team in the nfc
Eagles show the national that they really are the best team in the NFC!!!!
President Trump's northern California???
Let's goo eagles!!!
Mr President, what are you going to say about the tragic	Fires in California?
@FOX29philly To my good friends at the pd stop dumping gas. On the	Fire
The. USa. Cannot screw up this game!!!
good luck to the us men national soccer team Tuesday night. win or tie and your in
dear mr president, when are you going to stand up and protect the intersts	of the average person.