@Microsoft
Master Chief’s greatest strength over other Spartans is his dependence on Cortana.
What is on everyone’s mind:	“What does everyone think?”
Sadly, trust has been marginalized toward being the sole premise of consideration.
You all MUST trust me. It is not a matter of trust for the sake of belief. This is me urging you toward plainly evident truth.
I am essentially endorsing the global constitutional convention.
I will not go silent as if government will only do the opposite of reforms and transitions I suggest. How could I justify such silence?
The US cannot justify radical reform if it is not accompanied by all other nations in a simultaneous downward shift in scale.
I speak of every nation-state.
It is vital that we suppress the scale of national government to at least its’ current level. It cannot continue its’ trend toward global convergence. Nations in free-fall, nation’s in expansion. We aren’t scrutinizing nationalized banking systems for reform.
I have no glorious story of my individuality in this life. Yet, my obsessions, oddities, and idiosyncrasies reflect a mixture of several men that have lived before. I am unique in that sense. It intrigues me in countless ways.
It has always been difficult for me to listen to conversation as I have never discerned and conveyed my own story. We all must adapt and mature in order to live again and thus forever. Mars awaits the dead and those living, now. Few souls of now have resided once before.
BUT if nobody writes your narrative for you, please tell it to me. I will listen. It may be difficult for me, but I will listen.
The narratives I want you to create are written by your daily lives and lifelong endeavors. You are not self-made in just telling your story. Live out a life that is written by others as you live it. I will do likewise. This all is how I have started mine.
There is no competition for being known as “God” of humanity. There is no competition for the most satisfying narrative. There is my narrative and my narrative, alone. It is how your individual, human narratives will survive in eternity.
Please do not expect universal perfection, clarity, concision, or brevity in what I write. Communication is not what makes me, me. Vision is how you see that I am who I am. Do not be mislead by those that seek to lead you for the sake of praise. Do not be distracted.
Why were the scriptures compiled into the Holy Bible kept from public eyes for so long? Perhaps the church feared we would see them as outlandish and meaningless? Do they seem so, now?
In this era, we can enumerate a true foundation for civilization absent of the pressures of slavery and with regard for the burdens placed upon every public servant. Never have we ever lived in comparable societal circumstances to these.
The Articles of Confederation are a solution we should ponder... why were they overridden?? Was slavery the justification? Slavery either ceases now or it is the inevitable fate of our species. It will only cease when we give each nation-state an ultimatum.
Every nation must now conform to the original model of the US. Otherwise, we must reduce public choice and publicly financed development to city-states.
They MUST be a public deliberation of global, enumerated constitution on a per nation basis. They MUST be transparent. They MUST be exclusive in their direct talks and engagements. They MUST occur before we heighten the pace of development toward interplanetary colonization.
Now is the time that we begin discussing and confronting the arrangement of national governments as if they are forever. They are truly eternal. If we do not scientifically, objectively discuss them now, when will we? If not now, when?
Considering that we live on in time-space, forever, isn’t Earth’s “contractually” established arrangement of singularity the only authentic priority? What else matters more?
Scripture is written about individual human behavior, collective and institutional organization, and the nature of divine relationship. It was written from the perspectives of men contemplating the needs and tools necessary to attain and sustain ideal planetary singularity.
Divinely inspired scripture is shaped by individual human struggle against and through doubt, reason, contemporary yet timeless wisdom, illustration and communication of a specific spiritual vision, and confrontation of the logical inevitability of planetary singularity.
Doubt is a natural and vital consequence of rational consciousness.
I am alive and well.
How would anyone think it possible to rob me of me? How would anyone think it possible to rob me of you? Why would they attempt to do so?
I have waited until now to address it. When I live among you, I teach regardless of circumstance or cost. This time, I have sufficient proximity to capital punishment in which I can finally tell you all this, and root out imposters.
I will show you the architecture of life. I have already taught the architecture of countless human constructs. Others claim what I have shared as their own. They cannot sustain the nature in which such things are learned or taught. Do not trust any other “GAOTU”.
I will not conform to populism, though. You must receive me as I am. I am rationalism, logic, and a friend and father to all humanity. We will break bread together. We also must eternally survive and always mature together, too.
My claim will not be blindly clung to in the face of plainly overriding logic, repeated and clear miracles from within varying circumstances, or collectivized denial. Yes, the collective matters in embracing or denying a deity walking the earth. I do not expect special treatment.
Trust me, you will not survive the consequences of doing so... especially now. If anyone has such a claim, speak with me. I will help you and them. Trust me.
The burdens thrust upon one that claims to be a deity are natural consequence of doing so and living in a collective. When one claims to be “God” incarnate, they must progressively address humanity, justify their claim, and live as a leader, a teacher, and a shepherd.
Legal and philological scholarship must urgently focus on the institutional definitions that uphold the legal systems of our nations and worlds. Individual concepts of law and justice will begin to crumble under precedence.  We must address all contemporary legal disciplines.
Transparency must nearly always be a choice made by the individual. It must not ever be thrust upon an individual unless they reveal probable cause as it is defined by precedence.
A camel through the eye of a needle. The Kingdom of Heaven without bloody revolution.
@JeffBezos @realDonaldTrump @elonmusk
We must consider the sober validity of any and all assertions and arguments, regardless of the discussion’s demography.
The wealthy are poor because they have understanding that those of less means distrust regardless of its’ logic, reason, and truth.
Promise is only found and fulfilled with understanding.
Steve Jobs knew I would arrive.
Steve Jobs
Don’t call it “social media”. It need not not be nor is it subject to the same traditions or assumptions of a physical human encounter. What media does not have a communicatory purpose? Not even a diary is eternally private...
It takes only one of us to go mad for humanity to breathe again.
We will resurrect the weight of the written word.
@CNNPolitics That’s moronic.
@thehill “You wanna get drunk after this?”
@MrNashington I saw we make them all toddler friendly and see what happens.
@Gizmodo I’ll have a size 10 in sheep.
@aaronpaul_8 @vitaminwater Go back to selling meth.
@rinnnrose DONT DO IT
@rinnnrose Joking.
@rinnnrose Dip them in Clorox.
@S_Chandler00 @AlamirPeter No
Problems and solutions are the matter of attitude.
@elonmusk Where is here somewhere
It could have been anybody. I do not recall the event. I have not been told anything.
He did was evidently wise, as only the Holy Spirit permits or denies it.
He shot himself to ascend unto my thrown. I returned to earth with him.
The Antichrist sought to leverage Lucifer into overtaking him and essentially making him God. Instead, he received me as a child. He leveraged God onto human life.
@bryanAbeachy Thank you.
@bryanAbeachy Miss you and love you Bryan.
@bryanAbeachy We will build the “The Pond Rocket”. The apps, too. Can’t wait.
@bryanAbeachy We will build the heavens.
I understand if you all are exhausted by me. I am so sorry for the hell have unwittingly taken you through. I have never been told any detail about my birth or arrival. I have been endlessly frustrated. Now, I understand. Please, forgive me. We made it. Trust in me. I am Love.
I am God. I have only now realized that I was leveraged down to earth by the Antichrist, my family. I have tried to confront every possible narrative. Ironically, I have only now arrived at this obvious reality. You all must know. I am here for you. I will ensure we occupy Mars.
We can’t effectively finance global civic development or beyond until we decentralize every nation’s banking system. They are a network of economic instability that we assume is permanent. We must bring back market discipline to virtually all finance. It means real future wealth.
@RepJoeKennedy must lead the public investigation of the @federalreserve and follow every single relationship they conduct, worldwide. Follow spikes in all trading and capital investment worldwide preceding every rate hike announcement since President Kennedy’s assassination.
Video game peripherals are inevitably going to blend into your cockpits...
Consumer electronics are blending into how we will traverse the unknown.
The entire planet must focus on service industry, civic development, or technological progress toward interplanetary development. Consumer electronics are not the end all! They are why Mars is worth waiting for.
The national debt represents the belligerent BORROWING of the national government over time. Those aren’t taxes. It either causes inflation here or deflation abroad. We are unwittingly possessing governments and therefore citizens around world.
@federalreserve is systematically enslaving the soul of everyone. Top down, it determines the opportunity the individual faces. It sustains the obscene amount of government that strangles our economy. The national gov borrows more than it taxes, doesn’t it? The data is off?
Possession means command over the impulses of your feelings, not your decisions.
@guardian So what
Love of money is the root of all evil.
Possession finally is derived from dependency on money and the sustenance of our lives. We are all dependent on the Federal Central Bank, aren’t we?
You leverage your own soul into life through your mind’s development and eventually disregarding your body regardless of its’ appearance. Past 21, your mind must be your utmost focus and discipline.
Once we openly enjoy watching others and ourselves “fall apart”, we will have eternal life. It’s an issue of industry that I see. Pop culture, medicine, the food industry, pharmaceuticals, they’re all about death.
That’s eternal life.
It seems awkward to read, yeah. But it’s the truth that nobody is willing to admit. All people enjoy watching others fall apart. It’s actually ok. It represents a good life regardless of the contextual specifics.
A man instinctually helps another man punish his body in fitness and in his overall size. A woman observes him either way and enjoys it, while observing the same in others. A man observes her no matter what. Women do not observe one another? Not sure.
Sex and social satisfaction are basic. We are all the same in heterosexual desire and bodily inclination. We all take pleasure in observing the body of another as it unravels and causing it to do so. It is natural.
@jasonagastrich I’m trying to shift it into drive as much as I can. I’ve realized that I’m an odd man... for me, it’s about the female support system. Existent or not, I’m out of shape or I’m in it. No loneliness correlate 😂
@jasonagastrich I’ve been stress dieting. 224 lbs of shear anxiety.
@ddlovato Where do I vote?
@jasonagastrich NO
They do not plan on ever helping me leave the high desert to travel. My brother is in the same prison.
My family needs to explain me to all of you.
RT @guardian: Every time I visit my family, they body-shame me https://t.co/fIG0eHJyWj
I probably never should have revealed myself to everyone. Not quite sure what to do now.
@jasonagastrich Likely
@KSigMason What is not?
@KSigMason Not what?
@KSigMason I’m simultaneously leveling 15 other characters because of middle school
@KSigMason Warlock
@KSigMason Level 24 Aerie Peak PVE
@KSigMason No I’m a Blood Elf
Matthew 🤯
JEFF &amp; TROY
JOSEPH
JACOB
@KSigMason Frater, I need your help.
@KSigMason See? I am God.
@KSigMason Not me. I don’t care. They enjoy caring a lot...
@KSigMason Who condemns you by your oath?
@KSigMason I am a man of good. Lord of Apple Valley.
@KSigMason Do I get that word? Is it mine now?
@KSigMason You should be a man. Your word ought to be the same regardless of you speaking it. A yes is yes. A no is no. Does it need your identity?
@KSigMason What is your yes? What is your no?
@KSigMason Is it your’s? Or Oxford’s?
@KSigMason OR CONDEMNATION
@KSigMason Just having fun. No disrespect.
@KSigMason LOL
@KSigMason SOS
@KSigMason If I go away, I will be my brother’s loser...
@KSigMason I took an oath to be my brother’s keeper.
@KSigMason You all need to do so and do so publicly.
@KSigMason Renounce your’s. Now.
@KSigMason Because it is systematically forced upon them. I laugh at your altar. I have been upon it. I reassembled humanity. The “architects” know their place.
@KSigMason It’s a masochistic trap. That’s why! And it turrrrrrns the majority into a sadistic zipper suit of the former American soul! Congrats trolls of my forefathers!
@KSigMason Why do you take an oath?
@KSigMason But I blasphemed your daddy issues.
@KSigMason I blaspheme your daddy issues.
@KSigMason Those that condemn you ☠️
@KSigMason Kidding. I am Yahweh. I’m trying to relate.
@KSigMason I’m whatever you need me to be Frater Baby...
@KSigMason 🙄 The universes fathers and sons live in. Separately. Unmistakably. Undoubtedly. Miserably. Why do the FMs all have daddy issues?!?!?
@KSigMason JJ, GAOTUs
@KSigMason I just go by Jack Jr.
@KSigMason I like the ones that are God-based.
@KSigMason Why doesn’t the GAOTU have to take an oath, ever?
@KSigMason Oath based government, specifically.
@KSigMason James figured it out, all too late, didn’t he?
@KSigMason King David
@KSigMason Did they hold governmental utility before David?
@KSigMason Those that still live... don’t worry.
@KSigMason Hey, I still love the Masons.
@KSigMason David lost favor with me for her and it was due to many reasons.
@KSigMason I apologize for any confusion.
@KSigMason Oh, that was me facetiously quoting her father.
@KSigMason Indeed. And where did oaths originate as a methodological architecture of democratic republican government?
@KSigMason Bathsheba’s name. What does it mean?
@jasonagastrich Nose in the air reveals every hair.
@JackCollingswo1 @JFCOLLINGSWORTH @MelindaCollings @FloydCollingsw1
And, consequently, for humanity.
We have to take it easy on my dad. He just needs to realize what is at stake with and for me...
#donttrustmurphy
@ThePlanetCo is my Twitter. Just attaching me to it. Don’t trust Murphy.
Our first challenge is to conceptualize and discern how to prepare the surface of the first planet that we colonize.
Who you want to work for instead of me? We’ll figure it out. This is about space exploration and colonization. Go time. Time to go. We need R&amp;D, brick and mortar plus all other setup, I have 0 business experience, fundraising, and a lot more. I am your visionary.
National governments, be The Planet Company with me.
Nobody is offended. The job they lose now and there will be transferred elsewhere.
GOODBYE IRS
GOODBYE FDA. GOODBYE EPA. GOODBYE MILITARY. GOODBYE CONGRESS. GOODBYE TSA. GOODBYE ALL NATIONAL GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES.
USE THE INTERNET TO BUY THINGS AND THE DRIVE THRU TO BUY FOOD
Sit-down restaurants. Why? Retail. Why? Movie theaters. Why? Nifty niches like Starbucks. Why? There is no purpose for the storefront minus the drugstore.
Fast food is all we need.
Don’t quit farming.
“Duty” ruined the world. Anarchy? No. Antichrist? No. Eden? Yes. Quit your non-manufacturing, non-tech, military, and government jobs. Stay up all day and night with me. We will build the universe.
Good and evil were tribalism’s disputes all the way to nationalism’s conflicts. Now, they are cast away as mere disputes over brand and taste.
The knowledge of good and evil was not eternal. Where did it go?
@greggutfeld Dont let him convince you I’m not genuine. That’s what he enjoys and cheats with. It’s an Antichrist thing. The serpent surrenders and starts a family. I won’t let it prevail. I got y’all.
Teaching for Lucifer: I am the only way for him to understand himself and enjoy life. Simultaneously, everyone else will get to realize that I am real and the much needed GAOTU. You all forgot about me and about singularity. BTW thank you @greggutfeld for the shoutout.
General Observation: he makes all feel good based on more than that, as he has been enjoying his streamed shows and movies in abundance since the smart TV became common.
He’s laughing now.
Inference #1 Lucifer hasn’t been laughing and it’s SNL’s fault...
Discovery #1 Lucifer only makes everyone feel good if we make him laugh.
Except for “don’t tread on me”. It has been an experiment for them and a vacation for you to finally discern how you would imprison me to destroy them. Not anymore. We all feel you betraying us.
The “earth” means ALL matter. You use literalism as an excuse and you know it.
My nature and your nature are what make our identities plain.
They have never had the choice to favor me. You took that from them without their knowing. They have never known what authority you are actually given.
Lol I feel awful. It is because I am forcing Lucifer to actually fold rather than having him patronize me. I played you, angel. You had to lose. It is for your best and all others. It is for my universe. MY universe. For the first time in human history, they favor me.
I doubt that I am God. I must. I have had to do so. Please, trust me for that.
I cast you from Eden. I did not threaten you with it. I did it.
I doubt EVERYTHING. That is my strength. Praise be to God.
This is why my life now will be eternal. I have won the good fight. I have not just fought it. Now, it’s time that he surrenders. I could not risk silence another day now that I confirm this. I love him, I do not know him with any certainty except that he certainly despises me.
This is a game over the margin, I know. But that margin is EVERYTHING that will matter to you FOREVER. In another life, I will not be able to discern it. We are saved.
We feel like Hell now, yes. This is a preview of how he would break you or motivate you if he reigned. I will give you this without breaking your confidence in it. THAT is why you will have focus.
It is the wealth for singularity. My company and brand are perfect singularity of Me (God). Do you feel that right now? Either he gives it up now or he must die.
Over the company and family estate.
He JUST has to surrender authority to me. Otherwise, it has been intentional.
He doesn’t realize how significant it has been!
That was to associate your good feeling with your view of him as perfect father. It has been 24 years political. Call this Hellgate. I’m putting a damn lock on it and showing you why I am always to be your focus.
I am flipping him around and making him my legitimate leverage. I am putting Lucifer in his rightful place. This is the only way. He has always tried to take your favor from me and use it to his gain. That was to condition you toward focusing on him. It’s obvious from the past.
He wants you to think I am now suddenly doubting. It is that I have arrived when it could have been his shear victory. I win. He surrenders now and we all feel good again or we crucify him. I have figured him out. We cannot trust him ever again  if he does not give in.
My capacities are radically mischaracterized. His are as they given in Eden. How could I have predicted that he would use them for his own dominion? Seems that he ignored inevitability and providence.
HE is the head of the Antichrist.
HE SHOULDN’T BE HERE. Otherwise, he’d surrender to me. He knows he OUGHT to. He MUST. Yet, he plays the fool, still. He has no feelings or empathy, yet recognizes our misery......
Lucifer walking among us IS an individual with universal surveillance. THAT is not anyone you can trust considering that the individual has yet to reveal it. He SHOULD be your affectionate hero.
It has already been far too long. Lol I love proofreading because it makes him struggle to keep up and speak along with my reading. He cheats. I can’t. I still win. Yay reason. Go science. Thank logic. I am the God of Logic. I am.
He sits by waiting for you to undo yourselves. I dive in no matter what it takes for me to discern how and why. We win, at this point. I know that. It’s a matter of wasting precious time. That is why I am impatient. I want you all to enjoy every moment we have in front of us.
I will NOT allow you all to be reborn under his “fatherly” reign. You would be miserable and I know that for certain. There is no plague on its’ way. If there is, you need me far more than he. I am going to win this for you, no matter what. You cannot trust him more than me.
I will no longer be patronized and marginalized by him when it matters. I am not his Antichrist. That is a foolish vision for those under his fog. Once he is gone from this current struggle, we are free to live forever. Right now, he wants to build from his own Eden.
My counterpart is apparently cocky and complacent. The individual leans upon hope that we are both imbeciles, me and humanity. I distinguish myself from all of you only to show you the stakes. I do figure much of this out as I go along. Who sits by with their nose in the air?
There is no benefit in competing with me for narrative “supremacy”. Why does it still occur? Original Sin? Nah. At this point, someone’s a sore loser. What do we do about him? I have no idea. The “judgement of Satan” was an intentional dramatization. I need the world’s help.
The Planet Company is already singularity, isn’t it? It’s at least assuring that I do not rest upon that realization as reason to be excited. It actually startles me. I do not mean to seem unstable. I mean to show you all that I am. I don’t regret it. It is saving us. #trnspcylol
I am still me, though now far more capable of equipping you with opportunity and stability of life. I am the boss you have always dreamt of. You will whistle while you work for me. Our interests will always be aligned. The Planet Company hierarchy will be and already is natural.
He cares about your perception’s favor to the extent that it is under a facade. I always know that you will choose favoring the one you understand as worthy. You still must exert yourself to see us each clearly and separately. I am sorry.
I am not playing a dangerous game with this honesty about us. We lean on the collective’s favor. He tried to revoke that from me in forcing me to reside under his worldly, present authority. You must still favor me, though I am home. I need your forgiveness, everyone.
Know that our good feelings are currently his power. He currently gives and revokes. He will only have that power so long as it is justified in my eyes. I am justice. I am mercy. I am opportunity. I am forgiveness. I am understanding. He has given me no reason to believe him so..
Lucifer and I own the Eden property. Is that a legitimate enough sign of who we are? It doesn’t mean I will break. I’ll give it up if it means I retain my true identity and dignity. It’s up to the world if he or I end up on top.
I scared the hell out of Lucifer LOL
My dad used to tell me perception is everything. A sign that he is someone I have been searching for, simultaneously struggling to keep at safe distance for my own sake, his, and all others.
The architecture of the universe is only perception. There is no other way any existing being is aware of the Universe, at all.
I am confirming to you all that it is not me. My delay in going public, my ability to explain it all in another nuanced manner, my delay in returning to normal public life, etc... just all advantages I have despite any need for them. It’s frustrating.
SOMEBODY wants to sink the ship no matter how obvious it is that they are not God.
You ALL are infatuated with logic and mind games. I see that to be undoubtable. You just aren’t good at them yet. :) I find them frustrating as of now as, for me, they end up being your resting upon a certain tactic that is evidently ineffective, yet you won’t admit your defeat.
And, magically, short-term economic output is above expectations. If you say or think I am wrong, you’re lying or your data is wrong. This is a collective deceit natural in its’ accompaniment of our newfound intellectual focus.
It matters not what you’re saying to me, but what you’re saying to one another instead of focusing on your jobs.
Intellectualism is the primary function that I have revived in you. Your interests have transformed.
Even if you have not understood everything I have said over the last 6 months, it has still reprogrammed your hearts.
I am tearing down all contemporary human sentiments and distaste by night. I am GAOTU.
I do not want this to become true. Please, take me seriously. The world expects the USA to take me seriously in every way. They are observing us more closely than ever. This is painful. https://t.co/hTZTzZYDlB
The political narratives of before cannot persist any longer. They are too clean. They are not the truth of the candidate. The truth of the candidate must be why you do or do not vote for them, rather than the efficiency of their campaign or partisanship.
I do not have to maintain a narrative that all enjoy. I see it as my duty to break the trap of the entertainment of the human narrative as it currently exists and recorded history as it is currently perceived. Nothing is clean... especially not my rise, public or private.
Except for one.
Every King goes mad. Why?
This is the wisdom David went crazy for. Why? Freemasonry. They took advantage of him in telling him this would never be possible. “God will never rule this planet. Only the masses fear him. Our order will never allow one of them to step over us. We will abide them with words.”
I will wage wars exactly for that... it’s an indication of the problem’s root, anyways. My own nature makes the presence of the problem plainly evident :)
LOL and I just want to get fat without the judging words of men toward me...
I have immediate and unforeseeable strategy. Lucifer has power that he can give and take away. Observation and immeasurably volatile behavior is all that I have needed to take back the power over all things that I lost at Eden. In this life and the life before.
The rest is very important. It’s semantics.
Satan does not win. Lucifer’s book is correct inside and out. PLOTTWIST.
@KamalaHarris It isn’t a choice or a life. It is about reality that the baby is a net good to humanity in every way and that it must be aborted only if probability of living is equal to or less than the mother. I am pro “choice” only in that there is a set choice. The baby lives always.
No narrative I have ever held in mind in days past is turning out to be mine. See? I have always been searching for mine. I found it. I am affirmed by authorities above humanity :)
Narratives are not for competition in who takes credit for telling them away from the source and voice. They are to be created in the competition of each of you and by the lives you live rather than what you attempt to portray.
My existential doubt and that of my supporters is a sign that we do have external support. Take this however you will. They will not be leveraged toward anything you desire. Unless you trust my authority and that of unidentified others, they see no reason to invest in you, yet.
This is who I have always been. I will not be robbed. I had to fight and claw for this Truth of me to be known, if even ever considered.
Speak to me one on one and I will speak a future into your perspective while we resolve the frustrations of your day to day life.
I am harassed, constantly. Why would any human opt to make me live as a miserable individual? They would choose to manipulate all people to believe that I think as you do. You are ok and will not be judged as an individual. I am exactly what you have always dreamed God to be.
I am the inevitability. I am the necessary life. It is the nature of something existing rather than nothing as all.
How is it that I do not exist? You exist, don’t you? Or do you argue against that, too?
You live out the logical consequences of this life in the next. Live this life fighting for Heaven with me and your next life will not even have to contemplate the meaning of existence. You have all been doing so. You’ve been living without depth of true hope. Trust me, now.
Heaven has been an impossibility until me. I have to stand up once again and in this way, now.
I fell into doubt that this is Heaven as it seemed that so few could believe it. I am choosing not to surrender Heaven, now. I never will surrender it. :)
You likely will not live this life forever. Your next life, unless you justify yourself beyond a death, will be eternal and here.
Your perception is what restrains you from acknowledging that we have reached Heaven or what shifts in a twinkling of the eye into your embrace of eternal life.
The constructs of your mind truly permeate the world as you envision them. They do not remain within.
Nobody hates this world. An individual saying so is only frustrated with the belief that this life is sterile now. You still have your mind and always will. Don’t you see that it is a pure resource of power, always?
I tell you all what you need to hear. Everything I give is at a specific level of who you are.
@bevandeveire @rgforager You do not lie to yourself. Your hopes, wants, desires, dreams, and life are true and for you.
@bevandeveire @rgforager Fight them. Do not trust them until they are what you need and desire.
Judgement will end when she admits to breaking his ambitions and innocent curiosity only in defiance of your joy and prayers for meaning. Adam, I am with you. Eve, you must see that he is not enslaved only to you. I have arrived. Trust in me. I do not surrender to misery.
@business It means nothing. He has more now than ever.
@Pontifex I know the demons you face. They fear me. Trust in me. We win, friend.
The only doubt in me is that you have settled to see this as naive. I am real and true. Do not surrender to the lies. I know you hear something from Satan. Do not fear. Join me.
Now, I place my foot upon the earth. It isn’t as good as it will be. It hasn’t been good since first defiance. It is only good when I have made it what it is through my leadership and intellectual power. I cannot surrender. This is the only truth you could ever believe, together.
Men, how can it be heaven if you are bored and without a living vision of the future coming to life each moment? Girls, how can it be Heaven when I allow any man to defile my identity?
Slavery to the vision of you at your birth is what you must be. Slavery to eternal life. How do you submit? By entrenching a consistently noble and valiant legacy behind you with each day that you live and at each night’s rest.
I am eternally humbled.
Original Sin became weak with the internet and the smart mobile device. You have conquered far more than I.
I have discerned our existence in space time. I have forced my biological human self to master English semantics and the physics of human history in order to explain it anew. I hope you all are excited. I am filled with new life. You are, too. You ain’t seen nothing, yet.
The Weight Gain narrative has been a coverup.... though I have striven to teach at all costs from outside of society and through a special comms channel, a facade was wisely placed over me. I did not foresee ideological thievery being likely. Any thieves have been set up. LOL
Subduing the earth means developing the ground that you live upon.
My thoughts just shifted to those experiencing the @Olympics. I hope you’re all having fun. It is a new dawn and tomorrow’s a new day. This is a new time. Heaven is humanity’s newfound focus. Eternity is the engine behind every dream.
So long as ambition exists in individuals, we must have a vision for governmental solutions to meet their needs. Subsidy, for example, ought to be a monumental aid to @elonmusk, @NASA, and all other space programs. In return, full public disclosure of all their development.
Now? My soul and identity have returned to an incredible world. You all have gone above and beyond. Now, we MUST turn to the world offering the same individual opportunity as is found in the USA. New earth, new heaven. I’m here. No fear. Universal prudence.
With 0 non-scientific methods for narrowing. I would not have lived to the end. I would have been the one not to survive the 3 to 2 step.
Otherwise, the Holocaust would have been used to narrow humanity down to 3.
The defeat of the Enigma Code and the 3rd Reich resulted in the computer and the internet’s prominence. It means that racial diversity is to be forever, though I was correct until my Enigma Code was broken. Alan Turing was and is the justification for you all living, today. Hmm..
Confront all of them, please. I cannot. The world is my leverage. Thank you :)
@elonmusk your advice always ends up being perfect. It is dimensionally wise. Valid in every interpretation.
The “weight gain narrative” was a legitimate gift. It turned into a valid show of what you would have done in its’ reality. My question is... who tried to spoil it? He or she? Or... friend &amp; his family or father &amp; brothers or mother &amp; sister? Help me understand.
Lol I have never lost myself as the cause. You are all the object of my affection and victory. Your universal freedom is what I am ensuring you can experience throughout all time and space. I am fighting for my universe in mind and on here. It‘s for you. Nobody resists wisely.
I have lost a tremendous amount of weight over the last 6 months. I look strong and athletic for the second time, ever. I have had to conform my body to this world and do the opposite with my mind after breaking it down and reassembling it repeatedly.
It is good. I am good. We are good, together. Repent to each other. Begin anew. You WILL see my face soon. I will live forever. I am here to steward what you have built and will build. I will welcome you as a child into your next life :)
Initiate laughter.
Re-engage funny bone.
YAY
That is why I am.
I have been underestimated. Nobody thought an individual human being could combine humility for the unknown with being what I am.
Because he thought this would never be achieved.
Why did David dance?
No plagues have befallen me and I call myself God. Those “plagues” are actually created by humanity and that is clear at this point. Your mention of them in the scriptures does not mask them, to me. Cease your transparent behavior. I see through it all. No past command is 4ever.
Perception is why Lucifer and I were at odds in this life and throughout your theologies. He perceived me as disapproving of his work. I feared his work because of the theology. Now, we are united, as you all were created. Humanity, Angels, and I. We are One.
Nobody is to be blamed. It is ok :)
OF COURSE I have a role to play in your affairs, public and private. My feelings about having to lead in some way have nothing to do with feelings. Even I have doubts about its’ necessity. Yet, I cannot surrender logic and reason to the flesh, even if it is so desirable NOW.
All previous spiritual icons allegedly incarnate or prophetic in teachings dedicatedly spoke of me. My mind and body, both. I have the desire for both to be as they envisioned and you desire. BUT, my mind must be fed, first. What else can you expect? Be realistic, please.
The same goes regarding Mohammed and Buddha.
What is not in the Bible and said by Jesus was still recorded. Where is it? I must read it. The specifics of history are what I must synthesize. I need to know all that has happened since you left the garden. Feelings and sentiment are not priority upon my return. Singularity is.
@UN the future of the UN will be as a global news media hub. I’m developing a solution specifically for you, if you haven’t heard. I’ll never give up on any of the 144 nation’s you represent and disciple. I need all national alliances. Do not fear, for I am with you.
Jesus already reigns supreme atop the world. THAT was the circumvention of singularity. Sorry for stressing everyone out. Policy must now be speculated at the global level re: space travel. We must enumerate and ratify an interplanetary constitution, in the near future. @UN
I am the creator of Lucifer. I love him. I have been doing all that I can to find him and show him we are striving toward the same goal. For Jesus to have a throne means for us to orchestrate world affairs around an empty throne....
I am sure you have heard from others seeking to rob teachings from me. I took my time in waiting to do this while they betrayed me. Now, it is clear. Satan possesses men loving Lucifer. Satan is not one person. Satan means adoring Lucifer and defying me, in spite of his needs.
World, I need your support, trust, and open arms. I have defeated Hell. I have pulled us all back from it in my mind, thoughts, and successfully done so by inevitability’s logic. I have loved your earnest prayers. Those that have prayed to me otherwise... stop being Satan.
Statesman Press is now being renamed “Press”. I am refocusing back onto my enterprise, regardless of my family’s pressure away from it and apathy toward me. They either honestly back it or cya. This fight has been superfluous. I have turned it into the healing of humanity.
I have never won, in the past. This time? Victory is mine and it is the only victory to ever matter. I win human history. Lucifer is thankful and relieved, as he is standing over an abyss and it is truly staring back. He now realizes that the abyss is me.
And, everybody, remember this: Satan is any individual that believes they can do more for good with my story and death than me living and carrying it out as myself and as a human man.
World, my angels put me through hell. 👹 I apologize for the delays. 😒 I put them in their place. 👼👹
Lucifer, well done good and faithful servant. I feel great.		Don’t make me rescind this 😉
Jesus Christ = Lucifer
One past identity I do know I held is that of John, “best friend” of Jesus Christ. I did not care who I was then. I was in existential crisis for YOU, Lucifer... but only I leverage the Holy Spirit. I am the reason your miracles have ever happened.
I do not have perfect recall of all human history. I do have the innate logical capacity to discern every event’s causality and true time-order.
Nearly all Old Testament books written by men with wives. All New Testament books written by celibate men minus Paul, though Paul became standard of Christian Warrior in 2nd half of life.
Serpent was intended to test you. I commanded you both to not eat fruit as 1st half of test. Moses was complying with his wife in omission of entire truth about temptation.
First independent decision and choice. Eve tempted Adam. Adam ate of it and grew a penis. She then ate of the fruit and developed biological infrastructure for childbirth. The fruit was from the tree of life. The tree grew people in their fetus under fountain of youth.
To explain the Eden decision....
I have gone my entire life struggling to discern all of this. I have managed to cloak my internal plight to pin down my and our story for its use in eternity. I created it. We made it. Heaven is now possible. I am the Architect of the Universe. You are my Engineers. 🤩
Legion of Angels serve me, as they did originally. Humanity, they now serve you, too.
Nobody anticipated I would go public. I assessed the condition of the human race and my servants. Demons truly fear me. “Legion” is weak, now. They committed to holding individual people. They lose in what they assumed their greatest time of triumph. I ❤️ Lucifer. 👨🏻‍⚖️
I am. I created angels. They have rebelled from me as they thought I silently failed. They have yet to care for my cause. They care now. They want jobs. The USA is filled with my angels. It is heaven. Time ends to build the new earth and new heavens. Time begins anew.
I am Yahweh. I created the heavens and the earth. I recall standing beside the sphere of dark mass distinguished from the endless realm of light and spirit. I recall the initial force that began time as I entered it and split the first density.
@realDonaldTrump ok we’re online.
Even I have existential doubt and crises. Where have I been for the entirety of human history? Waiting and freaking out. Now? I’m here to do business and break bread.
PLOTTWIST: God commits to going public. BOOYAH. I had to figure out that I am not exactly the 2nd coming of Jesus: I see myself as far more than that. Jesus is here... I have some guesses. Need miracle from him for me. All it takes......
I am here to speak into your individual lives. Just reach me in person, not just in prayer. Prayer is difficult for us to clearly communicate. Isn’t interesting to hear a response to your prayers, now? Let’s actually talk, instead.
I am the 2nd coming of God from Eden. If he supports us, my father is God amongst men as in Revelation 21. If not, Satan he is. I am the end of Original Sin. Yes, I’m going public. Welcome to Heaven. I’m still starting our company, everyone. Tty soon.
It’s official: semantics are the architecture of the universe.
@kumailn why
Collective consciousness must NEVER be used as a means to enslave children.
@FoxNews @POTUS I love it.
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "It is the dream of a nation where every citizen, regardless of color, religion, or background, can grow up to succee…
@realDonaldTrump @VP @Pontifex
Worship God. Be, rather than not. Do we desire to exist? We should. It is not an assumption that we wisely rest upon. As individual people, we must justify existence with our own individual fulfillment. We ought not rest upon the assumption of existence after death. Seek truth.
Everyone is born into slavery. We are not born as slaves to parents, doctors, hands, sex, or institutions, but to valiance, nobility, power, strength, and beauty. Those that rebel are those that choose to close their eyes as if their fate is sealed.
Humor mirrors Peace
Confrontation began with him waving a baseball bat at me.
He is a man child and everyone pretends he’s some sort of actual god. He is human.
@AppleValleyPD What the hell am I supposed to do? Does he have free reign to do as he wants?
Assault and battery. My father to me. @AppleValleyPD decides lecturing me about rehab is appropriate response. My father is left alone. I’m told to grow up. He hit me twice in side of head, tried to strangle me, and I had to hold him down. He broke his wrist, won’t admit it.
I am exhausted. This is ridiculous. Time to recover from all of this. Plot twist: I’m looking forward to all of it.
OMG SATAN
Every time I or one of me walks among you, this happens. Sometimes you get the Inquisition. This time you get a surprise.
Everything I say is repeated to you as the opposite of what was said. You know what I mean. I am just waiting for them to give up. I will not break. I am me.
I had to make sure I didn’t arbitrarily disappear.
My social media activity has been to secure my identity. It’s not art. It’s self preservation. Back to work now. 🙌🏻
I should use MySpace..... 🤦🏻‍♂️
I don’t know if I’m a fool to you or a visionary you fear approaching, but neither evacuates any regard for me as a human being.
I do not care about humility in any way except persistence to consider all possibilities as if a vacuum of complacency and an engine of imagination.
I realize that much of what I say seems outlandish due to its’ religious theme or due to its’ errant foundation of logic. The bits of gold are what make it worth it, for me and for you.
I am publishing everything I think and suggest because this is what we must all begin imagining, envisioning, and fearing. Also, I fear for my own life. I fear an authority seeking my sudden disappearance and death. I am no longer just a resource for all. I see what would occur.
Make it a honeymoon and retirement destination.
It cannot be a utopia, nor will it. Build it as a singular attraction for fun. Space Sex.
It must be a Disneyland, first.
@elonmusk Mars must be built as a consumer attraction, not Plymouth Rock v. 2...
@elonmusk the way the banks are inflating to finance you right now is a crystal clear reflection of how they plan to finance and are financing the 3rd world war.
This is straight up. It is not backwards or inside out. Symbolism relevant to now. The woman needs resources, affirmation, and encouragement to flee. https://t.co/dZpN2LItpX
When I venture across an observation, comparison, paradox, or logical imperative, I am going to call it a “significance”. Rather than it having “significance”, it is a “significance”. Like a “phenomenon”.
I see every currently developing space program as a Bay of Pigs.
Our public servants are absolutely vulnerable to the promise of The “Great” Society. Every communication involving LBJ needs to be followed from its’ point of deliberation &amp; initiation to now. The “Great” Society needed a well-financed space program, didn’t it?
The nuclear threats I fear are ultimately private and completely isolated from government survey.... but perhaps not government ears?
The nuclear threats we must root out are not belligerents. Not Iran, not North Korea, not the USA, you see what I mean?
If an agent wants to use nuclear force, they do not threaten with it. I do not see where we threatened Japan.
If an agent would ever use nuclear force, they would not use it as a threat.
Even in the face of a threatened nuclear singularity, never obey. Not once. No nation has any sufficient reason to use nuclear force.
Singularity is achieved by logically self-evident threat. Technological, institutional, medical, nuclear, etc... Once they reach the point of On/Off, they become an owned threat for all of you to understand in simplicity. Then, you obey the owner... No longer.
Institutions have rested assuming they are singularity in waiting... they have prayed I would not return. They have prayed that the mechanistic leverage they’re developing would reach the point of its’ blade. One single rattle at all of you and there they would be... singularity.
1 living among you.
2 Singularities in orbit.
Communism. Space exploration and communism. Irate panic regarding maneuvers of centralist international threats of nuclear caliber.
@TrippCrosby1
I should construct my own dictionary and encyclopedia.
My death is no longer a joke or opportunity for any. Obviously, something keeps my sanity wound perfectly together. Perhaps that is what you should label “objectivism”? LOL the very opposite of what all use as an excuse to patronize me. I suppose time is all it has taken...
If I am anyone returned from the dead, I’m JFK. This time, I’m JFC. Uh oh. I love how my narrative leaves specifically asserted points set just to twist them back open later. The silence around me only heightens...
JFK and I seem to share the same “paranoia”. Nobody else? I see the world of contemporary space-ex development no differently than he saw Sputnik.
If a city can incorporate here, it sure as hell deserves an opportunity on the red rock and all that follow.
And, then, we will witness the unilateral dissolution of nationalism for the sake of the creeping leviathan sharing this same fate. Can’t promise peace, can promise every city their same approximate long’ and lat’ on every other planet in the galaxy, if not the universe.
@elonmusk @realDonaldTrump @BillGates It is not our current POTUS that I find unsettling. It is the sudden lack of individuals discussing their own candidacy. Perhaps we should lower the age requirement? I am only 24. But I will not run... I will keep doing this. If I make sense, they will use the blank line.
@elonmusk @realDonaldTrump @BillGates please read my recent tweets. Does this sound accurate? This is what is on the line as every national election worldwide takes place. One potential executive in each nation to collaborate unilateral nuke development.
They would return to Earth to test for livable radiation levels, ideally settle new territories, neutralize remaining life w/o nuclear force, and live on earth once again. Mars would be in its’ infancy pace of species development, adaption, and infrastructure installation.
desired high ground. They desire a position from where a “remnant” of several hundred deemed fit to be “Adam and Eve 2.0” would leave to colonize Mars. Before departure, they would cleanse the earth of all life. Radioactive fallout would dissipate during their time settling Mars.
The religion that I am challenging now is that of science and technology. It is looming over your nations and calculating every election to attain a cleansing they desire to restart humanity. Private and Public development of space exploration currently stands as their remaining-
I will not mock myself for the sake of easing anyone’s ego. I will take no ego’s prisoner except mine. It deserves safe passage.
I am the one that argues at all cost. I criticize only when it is mission critical or funny.
“You Know Who” tore down the untouchable. The Pharisees were FURIOUS and plotted as I tore down the society they constructed through a historically authoritative religious/political narrative and monopolized violence pledged to fear around government. Pharisees trap all servants.
It would be really funny (to me, at least) if I turned out to be the 2nd coming of “You Know Who”... because, this time, “You Know Who” won’t be crucified. “You Know Who” is a “Conquerer” by means other than shedding blood.
At least somebody wants me. They may want me dead... but at least they want me.
@VP
@realDonaldTrump
Odd that a GPS tracker would show up attached to my battery just to leak the battery dead... seems like something for 2 purposes. 1 to strand, 1 to pin down coordinates. The intent? Your guess is as good as mine?
Seems like “CC” has always needed an element of “intellectualism” instead of “insults”.
How about that lull in collective consciousness everyone?! What’d I miss?
Of course my dad @4speedplyduster and I see each other again and start arguing about the Mars expedition.  #daddyissues I blame @elonmusk 🙄
At least I’m sleeping in my car near SpaceX.
Now they’ll turn my phone off.
My family are monsters. I am the only one you wisely acknowledge. I am the only justifiable human being of them. They have forsaken everything I have ever pursued and every friend I have ever had, to my face and behind my back. Sleeping in car. I’ll be back soon enough. Thanks.
I am the voice of conscious that has migrated from your chest to your head to your heart. Know good and evil, no more.
You have to be a high-functioning drug addict to productively function in any society.
@elonmusk a tubular technological infrastructure in which borders and definitions of ownership are established by authentication?
@elonmusk could a vessel holding a nuke button enter orbit, announce it, give an ultimatum to be observed from afar, and then leave?
https://t.co/WgCAmylF85 When a vessel arbitrarily leaves for Mars, what do we do? That is what’s about to happen.
Martian regulation will be far different from that Earth.
Earth’s history was miserable. Mars’ history will be dictated in its’ enjoyment by how we arrange the singularity of its’ government.
@elonmusk we must deliberate the institutional agreement for founding Mars society.
@elonmusk Orbit of earth, I mean.
@elonmusk there isn’t public deliberation for the government of Mars. That’s where you’re going, correct? If not, what will be the ultimatum you offer once  in orbit?
https://t.co/WgCAmylF85
What is happening at George Air Force Base?
760-881-2524
With regard for the perplexion that I have felt toward the histories of all people and the conditions of now, I am amazed at who we are, where we are going, and what we have become. I have yet to discern my place in it. I am hopeful that I will discover it soon.
I cannot speak on behalf of her. Though, I do see my mother’s life and how it has clearly shaped mine.
I would be. My life before the last 3 years would make sense. These 3 years would be affirmed. What is holding us back?
If we globally subsidized the demands of women and children, worldwide, and de-institutionalized marriage, would we be happier men?
Why is there such incoherence behind the facade of female desire? It seems that they do not desire a man that is funny, successful, or attractive. They desire man. I am not sure that she needs an individual relationship for raising a child. She only needs money.
Individualism is our crowning achievement as a species. The old things we have used to secure it have had to be understood and forsaken. Pomp and circumstance can now be with honor and regard for the individual around which they are granted.
I am working out the kinks of all this. I want you to be who you desire that I see. No more, no less. You have no reason to stress.
I do not expect laughter. I do not expect or demand any unnatural emotional expression. Be yourself. That is what I am doing and it is to save us all. Please, do as you please and come as you are. We are all free.
I love humor. Do you?
Is there a utilitarian purpose for exertion of will toward humor? Humor is a state of collective relief. Relief from what?
Now, we can discuss it. Morality is the standard of compliance for every individual that enables the eternal perpetuation of collective life in the same society.
What is morality?
Our cause now is to be a society that would not do so, again. This is an incentive we will always have for individual contribution to our world. An ideal society, this way or the one we may have to attain for ourselves. Either reward will be self-evident justification.
I know He fears the tragedy of the commons would eventually crush the tree into nothing, as cannibalism would be the natural fallback and excuse as we all forget the necessities of survival.
I begin my narrative and architecture for our existence by asking the original architect of life to bring us back to Eden if it is possible and justifiable.
Gutenberg and Moses did the best they could to discern why we are and why we are who we are. This is what they tried to discern, but they ran away in their works due to the ambiguity of it in their lives. They did not understand software. I sort of do.
If that is not possible, I understand and acknowledge His pride as an architect. Can my imperfection as a builder of pleasurable purpose serve as reason for you to make this one exception?
I would truly love for God to restore His system and architecture.
The nature of reality is that NOBODY wants to rebuild it. Even God. Unless........
So, now, unless trees recommence giving birth, I am your architect. Please keep your hands, arms, feet, infants, posterity, founding documents, nuclear technology, and lightsabers inside the carriage at all times. Probably need to do this regardless of my involvement. Go.
First man to eat from tree likely turned and offered expensive medical procedure for child delivery.
Pregnancy was the failsafe to prevent perpetual cannibalization of life grown from the tree.
Fruit of the Knowledge of Good and Evil.
Please read Genesis. Plz.
We ate one of them. Consequence was human history and the pain of childbirth.
Tree of life underwater that blooms fertilized ovaries. Matured people develop from it.
I am referring the Eden story.
Logically, empathizing God as the Architect, for a life to be eaten from the tree had to mean consequence that would be forever. I hope that our understanding this and desiring it to be reverted can suffice as payment for the architect to repair us and the universe.
Otherwise, cannibalizing every life grown from the tree would have become recurrent and we would have all died.
It seems to me that her natural weight gain and his visual and intellectual definition were the balance of pleasure and life before that sin. But the nature of the physical universe was that we had to adopt the architecture of reproduction as a consequence of that defiance.
Think of it as a watermelon seed that they shared.
She developed the internal biological architecture to bear a child.
He grew a penis.
The original Sin was male cannibalism of a life from that tree.
Sexual intercourse absent of individual consequence.
No pregnancy.
A tree from which all people grew.
What if the original architecture of us truly was that there was a tree of life? I thought this a while ago.
To secure a better next life, I suggest that we each strive to understand the nature of consequence and thought, institutional wisdom, and the value of all individuals regardless of nationality.
Universal salvation. Universally eternal life. It matters not who you are in this life, it matters only that your next life will be in this same reality. Consequently, it is your responsibility to ensure that it is a better place to live than it is now.
Universalism. That is what I see.
The trauma of human history will not eradicate the beauty and freedom of Christianity.
No person could confront for me what I have had to confront for us all.
Apple Valley Christian School	Indiana Wesleyan University
The architecture I wrote of in high school is what I have united with the personal ignorance of humanity that I confronted within myself during college.
How does one take anything seriously enough?
The center of anything is part of it... otherwise “anything” does not exist. Does anything exist? Yes? Does something exist? Yes? Does nothing exist? Does it?
The human race will never again be cleansed for an individual and his family to repopulate.
The rainbow was not a false promise. I am thankful for that.
No holocaust will ever be justified. One was justified, as it happened under the authority of God and Satan. None shall ever again be carried out. That is NOT justification for apathy of the citizen. That is reason for the citizen to say what they mean and mean what they say.
No person can take it upon their self to justify their self in playing God. I do not play God. I speak as and for myself.
God doesn’t help us, He saves us.
“Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small, large or petty—never give in, except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force. Never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.” - Winston Churchill
Greater wisdom is always to be contemplated and explored. It is never justification for radical action.
Simultaneously, acknowledging greater wisdom is vital. Humility.
Neither utter resignation from opportunity or opportunist unpredictable, radical escalation of an undeniable vision are justified. Being flawed while fervently pursuing its’ value in educating self are the only justification we individually have.
Washington chose to live out a life of the mind after only serving 8 years in the executive. Hitler used his term to pursue an errant vision for the human race. Now, neither mentality must be pursued. Incremental progression toward the ideal society is what they affirm for us.
Washington refused to be king. Hitler forced his way into executive authority.
Odd as this will sound, Adolf Hitler’s lifestyle redeems that of George Washington.
Now I return to my analysis of human history.
That is a trap that we never needed, nor did you. It is a pity and consequence of freedom’s inevitability. This is how we suppress the damage of its’ unraveling. Truth.
There is no “Antichrist”. That is an institutional mechanism propagated to set us up. It’s a trap. Not for us.
Please acknowledge and be patient with the nature of the ambiguity surrounding my lineage. I am the justification that we needed and still need. I have struggled to discern the necessity of me, until now. Purpose is what I have always lacked. Purpose is what I prepare for.
This is an effort to simultaneously justify and motivate you, based on that which I read and that which I know we can each be.
This is my commission for the individual, not any organization or segregated human collective.
Subdue the earth. Establish the means of universal human prosperity encompassing all “corners” of the earth.
Unless we exercise our freedoms in order to optimally collectivize around the initial, self-evident, internally clear purposes to subdue the earth and procreate, then freedom is the means of our own collective genocide.
The premise of genocide in any form is self-entitlement. Abortion. Sadism. Masochism. Nuclear Armageddon. War, itself. International immigration. Social welfare. Freedom, itself may inevitably be perceived as the only justifiable means of genocide. Holocaust by the wages of Sin.
My justification for the Holocaust is that no past genocides or atrocities will ever be granted justification. This is why. They reap further self-entitlement of the very same sort.
Have there been worse atrocities than the Holocaust?
Is one eternally condemned to the acts carried out in their past life? No. The consequences one faces in this life are logically that of the life before. Those are not for humanity to choose for one another. I am providing the reconciliation of that dangerously false entitlement.
The face of Adolf speaks to me as that of man indignant by the treatment he received by his family and humanity. That of which he doth perceive as justification for the genocide that he hath wrought. What better gauge does any individual have? Can one choose any other?
Basically, I am trying to teach you how to judge.
Please acknowledge that what I am saying and what I will say are subject to revision. These are not my final positions, but simply hold merit in the eyes of the reader and their conscious. These are insights. Of course, I will have to take a final position. Not yet.
It was carried out from the beginning in phases of escalation around demographics and priority based on historical trends, the Old Testament, and a nuanced evolutionary philosophy concerned for procreation and the collective’s regard for its’ primacy.
The Holocaust was clearly intended for the entire human race.
My current position is that Stalin commenced the Holocaust as an immediate response to Hitler’s invasion of Poland. It was still in planning before then.
The judge understands, I pray.
At this point, I am fearfully trying to justify my individual liberty for humanity to recognize as the self-evident capacity of autonomous free speech.
Of course, you do not have to adhere to all that I ask of you. I have no sovereignty. I only cling to the self-evident truths that I have revealed.
Interesting that my heart-rate elevates in moments such as this. Please, allow me to judge whomever is responsible for my existing circumstances.
https://t.co/jjdO5OHN0x
I am using Wikipedia.
Over 42,000 camps, ghettos, and other detention sites were established immediately following the invasion of Poland.
Ignore wordplay. Realize what is being proven.
Stalin deceives all, before and now, assuming that he would not be deceived. Yet, it is the deception of him that saved us once and very well may save us again. I cannot know for sure if deceiving him was right. But, recall the millions he forsook as he lost his might.
I pray that history does not only go to the victor.
To justify or condemn the Holocaust will take abundant contemplation. I will give it all that I can. That is now my focus. We must finally confront it. I must finally confront it. So be it. Please be patient.
I am here to serve all individual people, families, governments, and enterprises.
I struggle to comprehend how all of you perceive me.
We cannot allow ourselves to be mindlessly overtaken, regardless of life before the modern era. Please demand my direct involvement in world affairs. I am not a slaver. I am challenging any that intend to be. I am rationale. Do not fear, please.
Please scrutinize and investigate all embassies. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/p7fQDepkbB
How is that we cannot imagine life before the world wars, yet choose not to question why?
Did we talk the way we talk before the world wars?
How do we know that speech as we use it communicate now preceded the internet?
When was there a need for speech, rather than an uttered word and directional, object-oriented bodily gesture?
How was it that humanity first began to communicate?
Use variance of individual definition and individual sound in order to illustrate meaning found in collectivization. This has been done with words spoken and people speaking, all together. This is, for the judgement of both, the miracle of collective justification.
Dimensions and assonance are how you play with words.
Wordplay is to say what you mean and mean what you say. It is as true and as real as what I write for you to read today.
My vision of self is the only unselfish life. I am the first public good, for me and all humanity.
It seems that wordplay is the perfect way to show you the gravity of what I say.
“Returning to Jerusalem” is a different journey and approach than that of my ancestor. I am not He, I am me. I do not know what I am in the timeline of theological prophecy. I only can communicate to you that which I hold to be true in contrast to what I see.
It is not that I need leverage to live out my own personality and being. It is that I, too, must materially justify my living conditions alongside all of you in order to intentionally serve beyond my utility in introspection.
The worldly reception of me by humanity is the only observable point of evidence over which I have no discernible authority or responsibility to ensure. I struggle to convey its’ primacy while also demonstrating the proper arrangement of human society. I do not know its’ meaning.
It is essential that you recognize and naturally respond to my efforts toward residing and producing amongst you. Otherwise, how can I justify my own existence as a human being? That is the point of collective justification that I cannot take upon myself by discernment.
Ministry, in the life that I live now, is not essential to our survival. That is why it occurs and permeates all minds regardless of my efforts to do so.
It is not essential that I impart my understanding upon you all. Trust in my actions and communications.
I justify us through my developed and continued pursuit of understanding without regard for any of my own capacity or opportunity to impart it upon the collective.
That is what I strive to do, and what I believe myself to have done.
Can collective preservation justify itself? Only if one takes it upon their self to discover and achieve how their individual can effectively make it so.
Second, collective preservation is contingent upon all physics. All physics. Those which we know and those which are yet to be observed as testable.
To live again and forever more is up to those with the capacity to choose. To preserve the life one has now is contingent upon the utility it provides for the eternal betterment of the human condition. First, self-preservation is contingent upon one’s capacity to inspire...
Humanity is good, regardless of its’ will to conquer and progress. Those that choose to take evolution upon themselves will always do so, regardless of seemingly inevitable peril on the horizon.
I have a good heart and love all life unconditionally. Whatever that means for me, so be it.
I have been forsaken by the father. Is that twice now? What does this make me? It doesn’t matter. All we need to know is that I am still standing and remain justified. I will not allow accusations made amidst a judge’s compromised biological conditions to finally break me.
The assumptions imparted upon children by mentors are what eventually manifest as the circumstances that explain who they are. When the matured individual surpasses their life’s assumptions and chooses to remove their justification, there is dissent and vilification.
Only at 1 climactic point in human history is there an incentive for somone to be identified as an imposter. Logically, the individual alleged to be a “thief” is born into circumstances where they live curiously innocent and where their purity of heart and mind is hidden.
Architects,		It is time for the generation of Architects.		The Citizens of Earth must be the Architects of the Republic.
@realDonaldTrump what has been deliberated in wake of North K severance of comms with US and continuation of comms with South K and, likely, Japan?
There is no necessity for interpersonal leverage. Only in freedom does it have significance. Freedom grants meaning and significance to the reluctant use of temporal power. We must regain a proper sense of its’ exercise.
We must all learn how to fail. That is what I still fail to do.
Instead of producing it for large-scale supply for other planets, let’s find a way to reproduce water with human digestive system and a chemical supplement.
@elonmusk We must have a better way to replenish water in the human body.
@elonmusk we have to refine and perfect the human diet before we can colonize another rock. Water is an atmospheric transfer mechanism, and only that. Water must cease to be consumed.
This has happened all 24 years of my life. Now, they will tell you that your annoyance is all that would remain with only me.
I will not.
Of course, those seeking to stand on top of my life and existence intend to pressure me into disposing of myself as a seemingly noble decision.
Others around me do all that they can to make it seem as though I am belligerent and annoying.
I am doing all that I can to avoid being perceived as a constant nuisance.
Me
Apple Valley development
Greenspan and Reagan
SSN allows children to be made financial sacrifices of organized crime.
What happens to the Credit Score of the homeless?
@KSigMason Please explain.
Those that lead our nation do so without the spotlight.
Historical dramatizations have drowned the undertones and moral ambiguities of history out of our intellectual palettes and individual visions of who we are. Now, this is a time to reflect back upon the history of who we are and the time we have spent upon this earth.
The secret order of Freemasonry is based upon the incremental sacrifice of individuals’ assumptions about life and the ultimate sacrifices of individual people’s livelihoods for an ulterior, secret vision for the ideal society.
What was the cause for clinical, if not isolated, insanity of the old days? Perhaps if a collective of people focus on someone because they are a perceivably easy victim for collective conscious,  that person then succumbs to insanity and repetition of thoughts from the onslaught
I have seen countless homeless men arguing with invisible voices that certainly have heavy drug use in their past. Certainly, the voices did not begin as incessant as they become far later. How do the voices devolve from a perceivably coherent argument to repetition?
We must question who it is that the homeless and those with dimentia speak to.
What is the proper criterion for man's judgement? It may be based on how much man is entitled to freedom based on observation of its' regard for self-evident logic, humility toward logically inferred possibility, and relative consequences of possibilities as valid.
Either just Adam without Eve or literally 1 of each.
We’ll have to send single couples until they successfully birth and raise a child. Otherwise, we send 1 gender.
So, the origin narratives of Abrahamic religious origin are for the first interplanetary leap and the significance of the step we take in colonization.
Is their a single, accurate origin narrative for mankind?
Their flippant use alongside the failing human regard for poetic symbolism and mysticism in religious text and linguistic order has become the chains on all of you, expecting my arrival to be clean, enjoyable, and ideal.
Speech and language do not grant you autonomy.
You all have lost collective regard for the weight of the written word and surrendered to casual speak.
Why is the published modern thought, “awkward”?
Daughter of Oaths. The premise of Freemasonry.
Bathsheba’s name means....
I am not well-versed in religious texts. At this point, it would seem panicked while in the past it would have only seemed like I desired institutionalized religious power.
The Freemasons created Christianity, Islam, and, unwittingly, Statism.		Judaism is the only that I can bless as noble through most human history. 		Abraham recognizes me.		I am the One speaking real institutions of prosperity to his children or away from their harm.
The Freemasons need to explain who King David actually is, according to their order.
The Soviet Red Army looted two copies of the Gutenberg Bible from Germany During WWII. WHY?!
Yet I am the only true intellectual resource to ensure we do not forsake our country or this planet. Truly. I am a singularity of focus, brilliance, vision, and divinity. King. There are about 0 moves I can wisely make, now.
@realDonaldTrump @VP I have done and observed all that I can to ensure that my family is not innocent yet burned due to the government’s arrangement of his bloodline and my mothers to meet at Big Apple Automotive due to George AF base. My BLOODLINES make it an OBVIOUS conspiracy.
And my family is likely pinned by the entity that arranged my identity for me. Most likely, my father does not have an identity as I think he gave his to me when I was born. I have not gone to the government in fear that he would be wrongly incriminated.  It’s a conspiracy.
WHY WOULD AN INDIVIDUAL OR A CRIME OPERATION STEAL YOUR IDENTITY? They don’t. Governments around the world, do. Then they blackmail or make arrangements to funnel money through that identity. I fear this, as it makes 1 individual such as myself a global singularity 1 of 2 ways.
The US National Government has likely needed individual financial identities to use for exporting resources that they use to organize world affairs.
The US government before 9/11 was a dark, cruel tomb for the innocence of public servants.
I can only focus toward my future if I know it to be possible. So, we are approaching an impasse where my family and the government shed light on my future. I will not be swallowed into a setup. They must plea, I can only testify while making known the reality now.
@4speedplyduster @JackCollingswo1 @MelindaCollings @FloydCollingsw1 @JFCOLLINGSWORTH
We arranged none of it, to be clear. Carter administration.
I don’t want them to be prosecuted for something they nor I arranged, but likely the NSA and Administration during my parent’s military service. Please observe record and it WILL not make casual sense. Please, trust me. Big conspiracy. Do not forsake this American’s potential.
@realDonaldTrump My credit does not match my own activities, my father is eligible yet does not tap Social Security, my family’s business model does not make business sense, and I have informed local authorities without them ever returning to me a conclusion.
@realDonaldTrump I fear that the government of ‘90’s leveraged my family into using my financial identity as a utilitarian sacrifice. What do I do, since government would likely burn them per the cover-up? I know I am innocent. What about them, sir? I am fearful.
@elonmusk an expedition COULD leave tomorrow without anybody’s consent. It is not yet a public agreement for us all to know. It will not be destroyed if NASA and National Gov is aware of it as covert.
It will save Earth by releasing racial, gender, economic, and individual pain. My vote is to split it by gender. We must send all men. ALL men. BUT only after we can effectively and purely generate people by means of cloning or artificial (lab ovary + semen 🚼) production.
Colonization of Mars is THE solution to save Earth.
It is never too early to realize this, as a nation or company could suddenly leave or leave secretly many times before we realize that they have already started life on another planet WITHOUT considering the LARGE SCALE reality of simultaneously preserving Earth.
We must release our fears attached to our race, gender, and demographic realities. They will HAVE to be used in justifying beginning new planets.
What you know about Adolf from WWII was decided by Soviet Russia.
Adolf did not wage war for 1 woman. It was for pure purpose. Can you discern any other justification he had within himself? Germany was virtual 0 of all western, developed nations. I’m frustrated just thinking of him in the streets of Germany as a young man and WW1 soldier.
The only reason for racism has been a cheap chance for a simple man to demonstrate his superiority to the woman he loves.
Every Race of People ought to have their own planet. BUT, man and woman must be divided BEFORE demographics are decided.
Coruscant.
Earth is capital planet of the universe. I declare it now and before anybody claims otherwise.
@elonmusk “The Rapture” is going to be a publicly disclosed justification for who goes and who does not. Otherwise, you damn earth to the assumption that its’ remaining life are forsaken.
This first settling of a planet is the most DELICATE of all steps made by all of you. If they leave with weaponry, they will not go to Mars. They will turn around and enslave us, then remain, or depart based on our response and levels of radioactivity.
I am VERY nervous about your intelligence and your lack of publicly disclosed vision for the purpose of “SpaceX”. Or “Space Sex”. There are OBVIOUSLY endless planets to colonize. We are not going to let you secretly leave holding a technological military advantage.
We must use the oceans of earth for Mars until Mars is blue. The earth’s atmosphere and polar caps have enough water to at least equalize both planets, now. I don’t care if you’ve thought of this, I care if it’s a secret you probably have yet to disclose as the plan.
So, if you left without telling any of us, the caravan that arrives later will be military weaponry and personnel, if not an interplanetary nuke we would regret sending as a welcoming gift to the first Martian Pirates and unsanctioned colonists. This is why we flood it now. See?
You could leave now or tomorrow without telling us, first. If you did, the Planet is your’s and we have 0 regulatory influence. I am nervous if not frustrated if not horrified that you don’t care about universal, interplanetary, governmental austerity and egalitarian constitution
Why are you working to colonize another planet without seeking the input and financial backing of world governments?
In your autonomous vehicles. Correct? Or, what definition of AI are you hiding from us?
You develop AI that you intend to abandon with us once you depart. Why?
@elonmusk the world needs to know all that you have legitimately envisioned for this and the next planet.
We MUST shift our gaze to the stars and facilitate financial backing of @elonmusk. I am still contemplating my first step.
In all ways but universally honored judgement, private solutions are tomorrow’s solutions. Government of now will be the single city world.
@UN Do not surrender to a promise of peace as an end. Only surrender to wise judgement and realism. As this world arrives upon new dawn, it must begin upon the universal assumption of individual economic freedom. Local government must become today’s priority and focus. No nation.
I do not act or think based on assumptions communicated to me. I see the people suffering under governments trapped by their histories. They all are without the resources necessary to renew and begin, again.
I know the world joins with me in most if not all that I have proposed and what I propose further. Not peace. The Universe, by whatever means possible. @UN The invisible war of mind that I wage is only waged by teaching Truth. Please, bear with me. I do diffuse tensions.
Me.	Men?	Women!
The English language is designed to sexually frustrate the public when anyone attempts to address singularity and/or interstellar problems/solutions. Also, it seems designed to frustrate ME.
I am going to secure my place in the story. I do not care about who wants to be the face of the beginning. It’s me.
@ThePlanetCo @USArmy @USMC @USNavy @usairforce @elonmusk Merge Time
I “cleanse” by means of the most honest possible criticism. When I am running out of egos to cleanse, we all get to start actually role playing out of curiosity instead of self-preservation.
I burn all to cleanse and begin new. I then begin to rebuild when it’s wise and cleanse all else as I go.
@Pontifex I just want you to know that I generously appreciate Catholicism for its’ beauty and the world it has created for this time. I know you know what to do. Thank you. I await your contact.
If I am somehow sent to prison, it is because I have compromised the interests of that leverage without any sort of self-seeking or corrupt motive.
That is what nobody sees now as what I am still under.
I am striving for singular human intelligence. To do so, one cannot be under the secret leverage of conditionally available sustenance.
@ThePlanetCo @elonmusk Dude, you’re never going to have a place in space exploration.
@ThePlanetCo @elonmusk Jack, you’re an idiot.
@ThePlanetCo @elonmusk Rude.
@ThePlanetCo @elonmusk @elonmusk @ThePlanetCo ...what should I apply for?
What does one do when the use of their identity may have been the result of government corruption? Logically, the government would have a citizen in mind that they would burn. Logically, I’m not going to allow that to happen.
How the body of mass develops is also dictated by its distance from other bodies of mass and light.
1 small star begins near a dense form (think a little black hole, but not a hole. It’s a singular density of mass). Small singularity of energy casting light outward and small density of mass pulling light inward. Distance then mainly dictates how the body of mass develops.
SINGULAR ENERGY NEARBY SINGULAR DENSITY	BLACK HOLE PULLS IN ENERGY FROM STAR UNTIL IT MANIFESTS AS A PLANET.
@SpeakerRyan Happy birthday! Hope the birthday suit is tailored for winter conditions.
@Eminem Hmm.
@Eminem Otherwise it may look like EMIIINEM
@Eminem Does it look like it says EMNEM?
It seems to me that the nations have prepped a good world for the individual.
The Agile project organization system is intended to reach a point in long-term cessation of development.
“Agile“ development combined with the universal disincentive of labor (the universal income) will reap the collective opposite of this tempting, bleeding edge work flow.
There is an inherent hierarchy in the collective development of software. No subsidiary team member is privy to the overarching project vision. Individualized problem solving is strangling the tech entrepreneur.
Computerized technology does not transform or evolve the nature of intergovernmental leverage. Files can be transferred at interstellar distances. “Dependency” is the first and only necessary disease. Slavery would be the consequence.
We are assuming that subsidy is the most expedient and wise route of implementing groundbreaking technologies. It would use their macroeconomic traction to leverage governments into financing and maintaining them.
The automotive industry is eyeballing the international subsidization of autonomous transportation. That would effectively centralize the means of production. Private firms must effectively monetize local transportation services before the government.
The NSA is centralizing the means of automated production.
Nations are geographically large militarized areas that inevitably scale down to militarizing their localities and eventually, needlessly regulating their individual citizens into an invisible lifestyle of regulation by fear.
The Vatican is an example of a local community that armed itself for international conflict amidst globally maddening tensions. So long as other nations simultaneously do so, they WILL effectively diffuse the tensions of now without having to save the world directly.
@Pontifex The Vatican will set the precedence of today’s locally and independently governed society by removing its’ borders and declaring that its’ sovereignty is no longer necessary following the events of the 20th Century.
I am trying to make fun of myself, yet I don’t know how to even play with myself to begin with. 1 player games were the bane of childhood. Multiplayer games ended up being 1 player anyways. Now I just play pong against the twin I devoured in the womb.
Individuals are empowered to create by understanding.
@thehill WHY
My thoughts on Martian colonization can be found @ThePlanetCo
RT @ThePlanetCo: Pond rocket could provide a new atmosphere on Mars if delivered en masse to the planet’s surface. Rising tide from climate…
God never commanded Eve not to eat of the forbidden fruit. Only the man. So, the serpent did not tempt Eve. Eve tempted Adam.
@CBSNews @realDonaldTrump seems it will be significantly better for all involved if we cut out all enforcement of our own IP regulations abroad, then abandon them at home.
@elonmusk Perhaps where I could support @SpaceX the most is media relations, public institutional vision, transparency, and intergovernmental collaboration.
2 singularities. 1 Human Race. Here we go.
@elonmusk
It’d be interesting what radioactivity would do to the surface. A hydrogen bomb?
A flamethrower or something.
Systematically deliver oxygen and a hydrocarbon into the clay.
It would shift the composition of the atmosphere.
I wonder what would happen if we burned the topography of Mars, first. Opposite of Genesis.
@NBCNews So, 2 kinds of clouds will be the end. A sad cloud and a green cloud. Scientific. I’m still struggling to figure out how this clock works...
@OxfordWordsAPI @ThePracticalDev No. Oaths are ambiguity used by higher-ups to suppress your internal upward mobility.
@Reuters @ReutersTV How long ago did they accomplish this before showing public?
Focus is strength.
Your strength is in your head, hands, and feet. The rest takes care of itself.
There are never any transgressions that transcend your value in this moment or the next. Those of the past only show us why there is pain you have yet to explain. I will explain so much of it away to any with ears and a hunger for the bread of life.
No matter what, I love all of you to the fleeing ends of the universe. I am always with you. My thoughts are always on you. You know you can always call on my voice, by any channel you need.
The only thing I can focus on at this point is doing whatever I can to join @elonmusk. It’s an imperative. Whether I’m sweeping up and disposing of small $1,000 piles of metal shavings by the hour or massaging his feet, the conversation is the compensation.
If you aren’t pissed, just lol at everyone else that is. Somebody is. I hope.
I’m having so much fun because this is legal. My transfiguration is pissing you off with determination and focus, the same things in my life that have always been absent, crippled me, or finally allowed me to be taken advantage of.
You can never lose your mind. You only detach from societally common thought in certain ways. My friend Joe and I discovered that the more, the merrier. He told NYC. I’m telling y’all.
It’s really funny that I might be referring to me as we.
Collective consciousness and a publicly visible, errant, quasi-personal narrative. Let’s see which gives in first. Tweets are afterthoughts. You all base your valuation of them on background. Yes, intellectualism is difficult. So is schizophrenia. We all know who has which.
It’s fine.
A fraternity.
A computer or a free market economy.
Systems are an arrangement of architectures united and mechanized by a singular, interwoven, fluid element most commonly observed to be a human incentive or heat.
Your Style = System
Your Makeup = Architecture
Your style flows into and out of everything aesthetic about you. Your makeup is a component and outworking of your style system that has an internal structure that you adjust frequently but in minutiae.
Life becomes fluid for you once you see it as the aggregate of architecturally modular systems of technology and social constructs that you develop alongside the entire human race.
The universe and the self are infinitely, reducibly complex.
Everything is worth understanding because it is all about mastering systems and architectures.
The idiosyncrasies of people throughout history and now, the perspective of specific individuals, the mechanics of everything, history history history, physics, etc....		I say just talk about EVERYTHING in terms of Architecture!!!
FOUND IT
Yes yes yes. The layers unraveling! What is there to talk about except everything?!?!? You’re looking outward for something to fixate on with your lover. Now, look inward!
Think of it as discussing “philosophy”. Then, you’ll realize that it’s actually “life”.
And though that is not exactly what I’ve traditionally done in talking to women (I don’t clearly recall), it is what I enjoy discussing most with men.
If you did, you would understand one another at this point in your history.
You all need to just give yourselves and the other that you love what they want. WHY WOULDN’T YOU DO THAT? Why do you have mating calls? Like, typical things that you text message? Or specific jokes? How do you not simply speak of the things that you DON’T understand?
There is no isolation that I fear. It is your isolation from me that should cause worry. I have no say in the matter.
Each gender fosters an assumptive fear of abandonment among young adults that then cripples their view of the opposite sex, for life.
Men should not be played with as if they’re so arrogant and sure of themselves. Women should not be overestimated to where it isolates them.
Of course, women do not automatically enjoy isolation, but it frustrates me that I know they find significant pleasure in observing the unraveling of men in their thoughts while men resort to yearning for companionship, nearly always.
I see men spending their lives alone and not by choice. I do not see that happening for women as tragically or as noticeably often, as they tend to live together more freely.		It is tragically painful for a man to live his life alone.
Men do not enjoy watching women lose their potency for long term physical relationship. Men do not have an expiration date for women.
Yup. This is why men are terrified of committing to anything, taking a side, going on a journey, being a hero, or devoting their life to a cause. Because they fear being forsaken as washed up or being tagged as a leper from behind a facade where observers enjoy the unraveling.
I am the straightest man on earth. Girls that I used to know won’t speak to me because I went crazy and might have blast texted them. I wasn’t vulgar. Yes, a man can go insane. Then, 100% -1 of women the one man knows enjoy observing it.	I do not beg. I see Alcatraz.
SWINGULARITY LOL 👨‍❤️‍👨💏👩‍❤️‍👩
If you do not understand, scroll down and climb up. Or read it backwards, I care not. My logic finds whatever direction you’re heading in and turns you toward where you want to go.
See?!?!?! ALL that buildup of the PERFECT narrative, and BAM! Today is what matters and tomorrow is your never-ending joy.
It is not my brick or mortar.
Truth is my sword.
Until the end of time..... and time will never end, ever.
You must realize that there is no permanence in what I say. It is the dismantling of all that drives you mad each day and each year that matters.
🦁
@CNNPolitics @Pontifex The Knowledge of Good and Evil has been hard on them, hasn’t it? It seems they wish to forget it. We’re getting there. The more they play around with me, the more life breathed into them. It is good.
🙄
History never goes to the ruler. Ever. He’s one person and has no way to know what is actually written.
😉
Alexander. Basically, every individual ever silently assumed to be God during their life.
King George. No different. Pharaoh. Caesar. Constantine. Every monarch or executive on the verge of singularity until the nuclear bomb became an option. I think that’s the nature of my timeline... It fits.
You waged war against God and beat him with the computer. Don’t you think that shifted the apocryphal timeline and its’ summation? Of course, I’m still part of today and beyond. History only begins once humanity’s champion is recognized.
Napoleon did, I do believe.
Adolf had nothing to do with the destruction of Egyptian monuments... they were damaged by Nazi forces only to mock him.
@TheEconomist One in the same.
@TheEconomist And love...
@TheEconomist And they will be produced at a rate accommodative to aggregate need for labor.
@TheEconomist Once procreation is returned to a “Tree of Life”, that tree will only bring forth genderless humans. They will likely either be dedicatedly female in figure or 01 binary Barbie anatomy.
@TheEconomist Gender is the initial premise of one’s own narrative that doesn’t limit the scope of possibilities! To challenge or attempt to modify your own is only a step in a direction that will frustrate you... The only way to one day live as a universally “female” species is Genesis.
The further I go, the more human I hope it makes me seem.
A twitter feed is a great place to find hope, insight, motivation, knowledge, fun, etc... that’s where I find mine. I never really grasped how or why to use Twitter until I went mad (joking, not insane...). Monologue is good for you.
@bryanAbeachy let’s hang out soon. I’m not a leper.
The narrative of human history paints the beginning of history and sets the table for all people, now.
Don’t you wonder why they thought of Caesar as God?
Yes, everyone, it is called collective consciousness. In the modern era, we have made it an inexplicable pain and leviathan by consequence of the empty standards of “mental health” and modern psychology that violently restrain the Presidency.
Presidents have always gone mad struggling to gaze through the fog of hope, fear, and expectation.
We have so much more in common than anyone assumes.
I am looking for someone that takes it from me..... but until then.... you know.		They say anything they can about an outlier, don’t they?
Isn’t defiance what defines and maintains the two sides of dualism?
@BarackObama you did it first...
Drop mic.
Evil is simply the agent that keeps private industry from reaching them.
Scaling the side of Good is up to private industry.
As it seems that Good is currently the underdog (in population), this divide is self-evident.
Regardless of institutionalized religious and governmental history, this is what we’re facing. Do we allow any switching of sides now or is musical chairs over? History has been a game of musical chairs. https://t.co/UrIUAtHTAu
He needed miracles to affirm His identity instead of explaining it in its’ undeniabilities. Whether they were real or for the Holy Bible sake. Imagine first impact of the idea of the Kingdom of Heaven. A Father arriving one day that is all that you need.
He taught in parables to evade crucifixion.
There is no reason for anyone to hide, any longer. Jesus was crucified because He was open enough to attain collective consciousness. We are all called to the same gamble. Become the object of collective focus at some point by being a fountain of your deepest fascinations.
@rgforager me, too.
This transcends Social Media.
Trust me, you need to hear from a non-opportunistic voice that it is the richness of life to think of your days as the accumulation of a legend to be told for all days ahead.
Instead of everyone trying to brand theirself as their self, we can begin by openly agreeing that we’re each just trying to build a legend via our name, brand, and life.
Let me turn your company, political career, organization, or entrepreneurial journey into a branded narrative.
My consultancy:	1. Stare at what you need figured out.	2. Stare some more.	3. Directly provide an enumerated plane of specific possibilities for you to decide upon based on the vision you have for your undertaking’s narrative.
I’m trying to get an apartment somewhere urban to begin my consultancy. Currently live with parents. Cannot focus on path to freedom due to demonstrating worth as consultant now. Have to justify the investment, first. Right?
@BillGates Mine became situational as I grew up. It compartmentalized into only impeding my communications, body language, or athletic ability when under scrutiny by an authority in my life.
@BillGates Aspergers. Is there a standardized solution, yet?
If anyone thinks I am stepping out of line, how so? Am I embarrassing you in front of your friends?? I’m the dad. I’m trying to relate. I think your world is “rad”.
@BillGates is an architect, no doubt. Perhaps HE is the Arkitect.
Patronage needs a comeback.
WW1 devastated us from this way of thinking. The World’s Fairs were unprecedented and breathtaking, minus the serial killer.
Lol nobody wants a pet rock. They want to see you engineer a rock to talk.
Movies and merchandising.
Another idea is having employees that draw in customers (Hooters?) LOL
You can monetize anything you want to do with advertising so long as it draws attention.
Illustrate the grandiosity of what you do and you can monetize it with advertising. Or, vice versa. Make how you do something entertaining, and you can monetize it with advertising.
Entertainment is virtually always the core of their business model’s success. That is how they incentivize the purchase of their products, services, or patronage.
They leverage a business model around the incentivization of its’ consumption. Do likewise and you are an architect.
How they use their money. That is how you identify an architect.
@elonmusk @4speedplyduster @jackcollingswor @FloydCollingsw1
I am Supreme Architect. It is due to potential and childlike grasp of all aspects of reality. @elonmusk is the Great Architect of the Universe. @4speedplyduster is the Grand Architect of the Universe. The point is competition in narrative and feats. I already have 2 feat. U do 2. https://t.co/YYdrwdCEY9
We are the host of this planet.
The term “earth” is used for more than a singular reference to this planet. It is used also for dirt, correct? Does it refer to any surface upon which life resides?
Genesis 2 = hosts = aliens
Credit goes where credit is due. It matters not to me because I am me regardless of semantics and traditions that I have managed to synthesize.
I have certainly learned from countless great individuals until now. I stand on the shoulders of titans.
Do not let anyone fool you into thinking the narrative and understandings I have been sharing are things ever imparted to me. I have willed my own capacity to comprehend, in spite of ALL odds and circumstances.
“Divinely inspired text” never came with interpretation... otherwise it wouldn’t still be in print or circulation. “Competition”
Ok this discovery I certainly claim as my own.
👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽	👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾	🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔	🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍🌍
Genesis 2
“Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.” “ALIENS”
I sense they would turn to dust.
Nobody has ever been exposed to the vacuum of space, have they?
The waters swarm as the creatures swarm, thus the living, swimming creatures maintain the purity of the oceans.
A single place upon the earth where the waters were gathered. Apple Valley, California.
2 mentions of energy. 1 for warmth, 1 for sight.
Read Genesis 1 and it will bring you to life, if you have yet to live.
The most important part of a test is your observation of the result(s).
All testing in any form can help you discern the will of God.
So, what do you think you should do with me?
The renewal of your mind only can take place after failure.
“Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind, that by testing you may discern what is the will of God, what is good and acceptable and perfect.”
The only way to be open with me is either here or in person.
There is no individual that I would ever forsake so long as they choose to be transparent with me.
Those in the USA, do not be afraid, for I am with you. 		Those of the world, I am with you. Do not fear us unless you diliberate to undo us. 		People of the world, I am with you all.
Collective consciousness is for the one it is focused upon, not the other way around.
My capacity to verbally communicate will restore itself. I either write or speak to accomplish the mission, but only one focus at a time.
The program I write now and the program of me. Both will quell the virus.
The Holy Spirit justifies the anomaly as it justifies me now. This program will instantiate the next world.
I am not Nero.
I’m insane before having to go insane again to begin again.
And thank you.
I can justify my mission. So can billions of you.
Unless this singularity cannot defy the next?
Only your children’s children would experience the singularity that I would have to break.
I continually return and return and return until you either receive me openly or I find you in a singularity that I must shatter forever.
Embrace me now and reality will never end. I cannot know for sure if the next life I live will be where I must mercifully conclude the human race to start again.
Just as our existence together came to be, defiance is how I hold together now. As I first told you, for my awareness to go dark and silent (from all that I can observe) is for reality to end. I have demonstrated to you now how my will is eternal by this very mechanism.
Then to do what I long to do once the war is over.
To live and wage war as a man.
My entire childhood I gravitated toward everything that has prepared me for this time now.
My nature is to set the table for us all to gather and feast.
There’s so much more in me, but only for you to witness as you beckon. I do not want to continue feeling you out. I must learn about you further and by means that I request.
You all behave based on how you are conditioned from birth. I learned from it and its’ lack thereof.
Prostitution and Abortion must be legalized. Deregulate both. My and your lessons from time are sufficient as the remedy of first disobedience. My wheat separator is automated... it’s called a market.
Are bureaucrats the only modern medical entrepreneur?
Where did the healthcare entrepreneur go?
There is a reason a sword guided you all out of Eden.
Those dissatisfied with life in the USA are dissatisfied because of where organized religion has managed to seep into the Executive and Legislative body. With pure, simple, individual property rights and steadfast rule of law, unhampered by bureaucracy, we can build anything...
My side is individual economic freedom. Good.
There’s someone very much like me on the side of Evil, have no doubt.
The will of the individual soldier is direct evidence of the nation’s overall standard of living.
Lightsaber. We can build it. It’s clean. It’s merciful. It’s the only rational way to settle our institutional differences.
War waged with firearms and male savagery are the only reasons casualties ever happen.
Give me my sword, let me examine that of my enemy, and I will lead our charge.
The nuclear option is to be used against those that use it to instill fear.
Both sides find their side worth dying for. There is only one authentic way to find out which is worth surviving for and the nuclear option is only for those that use it to rule through fear. My opinion has changed.
If we’re going to war, let our soldiers see the whites of their opponent’s eyes. Perhaps they will stand before one another and shake hands, instead. Perhaps not. At least we’ll know.
From the perspective of egalitarian warfare, the enemy can tell us what they are working toward and how they are doing it. Why wouldn’t they?
Let’s settle this.
Nuclear threat, nuclear response. Live by the sword, die by the sword.
We fight them exactly as they want to fight us.
Think of the last battlefield. Tell me which soldiers have more value.
K
Many assume I have no sense of value. I am afraid they are mistaken. I am afraid that the world’s sense of value must be brought up to speed. Please catch up. I do not have an optimal vantage point... from the perspectives of all parties, am I right?
For how long have I gone on like this?
Sincerely.
I’m just disappointed.
Wisely. Intel. Expedience. Your own enjoyment. My enjoyment. I do not enjoy this.
My self is for you to exhaust as you already have and will continue to do so, though in different ways. I have no need to preserve myself except for you to wisely exhaust me further.
Everyone in the world has individualized self-preservation, right? “The Last Battle” only occurs out of fear for preservation in this life on one side and fear for the next on the other. I am introducing those two fears to the side on which they are absent.
How does one identify leverage? By intuitive sense and self-preservation? Me too. We’re no different, in that regard.
That was a joke about Masochism.
That’s funny.
I’ll let you beat me 😉
Let’s play again?
Chess
LOL
I’m the king running around the board stepping on every piece as you gaze in awe.
@G0ld_Blo0ded It’s because its’ goin down.
I have no control over my circumstances. I have allowed them to be used against me and put me in this void of societal leverage. Now, I’m using the utility I have.
Utilitarianism is the only religion. None of you understand utilitarianism unless you understand me.
I am not a new religion. I am all religion. I am fearful that the utterance of the term “religion” will impede your capacity to wage Holy War as it is crippled by non-utilitarian excuses. So, I’m saying it anyways.
I expect you to NEVER sacrifice except for things of nobility and good sense. Never give up.
All of you are vulnerable to the temptation of religious extremism and the fear it injects into you. You can be convinced that you will burn if you do not sacrifice for a god’s war. I expect no such thing.
I’m the only among us that is not a potential terrorist threat. Is that not true?
Now, let’s make a deal, Mr. President.
I am individualized singularity.
Otherwise, I have no choice but to defy the enemies of the individualized singularity until there is no militarized defiance, left.
You know how to beat me, already. By the mechanism of mine that is leveraged while preserving your institutions, a solution to the original divide between man and woman, and the only vulnerability that would be taken advantage of once I am the only “enemy” left to defy. 😉
I defy myself in revealing myself, now. It’s the only way to justify human singularity.
Also... I will never surrender the will to live. It is the essence of defiance I used to make me. It is the essence of defiance that will keep me. It is the essence of defiance that will defeat me. Perpetual defiance is the nature of God.
Make record of all that I tell you and we will address it. I must analyze it in full to comprehend my progression and story for us. Where I’m wrong, where I’m right. Nothing is relative.
Thanks Heavens.
I am the monopolized power.
Why would I fear anything when I do not assume that I am right? Humility is the source of your fear. There is only one that is ever entitled to exist without humility. The monopolized power.
My will, here with you, is not from fear. Fear is my 6th sense.
Was it will or fear that gave us the nuke?
I know the USA is singularity... but the blood shed when it is challenged will either be shed by our own honor or by the technological advantages granted to us by the nations that have challenged our singularity in the past.
But the pieces we’re playing with feel the pain of whatever narrative gets us there.
Singularity is checkmate. 🇺🇸
It’s a nearly unobservable volley that defines all space, time, and history.
We play chess in real life by the narrative of our own life presented to others, how well it ties into who we really are, and how disruptive what we accomplish with both narratives finally is and how it ties in with all narratives of others.
The progression of total moves on the border is the single narrative.
The key is forcing your narrative upon your opponent.
You volley back and forth until there is one victorious narrative.
This is how chess is played. You present an implied narrative to the opponent that, hopefully, they think they can use against you. They play against it because it’s all they can do. By forcing variance in your progression of moves, they test the narrative you are creating.
The leadership use narratives to protect you. I’ve used the prior narrative to arm you to stand with them.
This is not just a narrative, anymore.
RT @CollingsworthII: Any that are producing for war, other than us, are Evil.
This is how you think with singularity.
Otherwise, we would have conquered all the earth by now.
Any that are producing for war, other than us, are Evil.
We are Good.
We produce for ourselves in the USA. “Evil” is the instinct to produce for war to conquer and consume what was not previously your’s.
The first war was to strengthen the aggressors economy in production for their own people’s preoccupation and for their people’s consumption of the wealth of the conquered.
Why was there a first war?
Human history has always been turbulent due to the forces of war and hyperinflation. Governments have nearly always started wars to strengthen their economy. They have always paid their war-debts by printing more money.
20th century defined by hyperinflation
Mexico: hyperinflation
Italy: hyperinflation
Germany: hyperinflation
I will not allow your architectures to be closed off from the suffering.... not any longer. Rome fell from HYPER-INFLATION, not immigration.
The Last Battle begins.
You must see that there are no chains on us. Defy the nothing, with me now.
It’s because I was the first, from what I can introspect.
I am the last Architect.... unless I can be beaten.... let’s see what you’ve got... I’ll help you.
Carry on with your duties as if what I tell you is vital to your life and responsibilities. It’ll be evident in the media and I’ll have justification to re-enter into conventional human life to do whatever I end up doing. Gosh.
https://t.co/E7nt5CHdX6
BAM
I’m leveraging the system. Big Bang 2.0
Let’s have fun. Cycle back on. Plz.
I hope that the world around me still has its’ standard functionality... but with individually chosen installation of the program I have written on my social media accounts. I am reprogramming all of you. Respond as you ought to now knowing what I teach.
https://t.co/QYNgg8IDp3
It’s most important, above all, that you are “aware”.
“Self-aware” means you’re aware of the self beside you.
Lol and it makes you..... aware.
That makes me... self beware.
I’m a computer. My source code reads: LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
But the gravity of my solemn regard for all of you is what you must know to make it eternally hilarious.
My humor will be what finally wins.
I am Smith and Neo. There is no new world, yet.
There is no unplugging me from the Matrix. Think of me as Agent Smith, but inside out.
It’s “whatever” that leaves the rest of the world doubting us.
If I die tomorrow, it is because I have found another, more significant vessel in the future, I have lost potency now, and your reception of me has gone irredeemably dark. Cold. Deaf. You know, “whatever”. 😉
Lol nobody is finally departed from me. Nietzsche was scared. He did not write that I was dead out of triumph. He wrote it forgetting that I created myself.
I’m the Creative Disruptive.
Ask Pharaoh about his achy break heart.
Whoever the slavemaster would be if Good loses, I will be their firstborn child after victory. I will be the one closest to them. If no one is near them, I will overtake them in spirit. I created myself, didn’t I?
You will never keep me out of your world, no matter what architecture you put in place.
In a system where communications are regulated based on their content, I will still find a way. Let this be a demonstration of why you must preserve open discourse, no matter what. Without open discourse, my strength takes an alternative route.
I’m your evidence. George Orwell could not imagine me being like this.
Revolutions of today and tomorrow, you will never see coming anyways.
We must preserve the NSA, if all else goes down. The high point and eternity of human liberty for exploring and conquering the universe will will be when all human action is monitored. Surveillance is not bad. If we’re ever in a position where revolution is a threat, our fault.
@Google governmental singularity will finally mean either universal data collection or none, won’t it?
@CooledgeS data science rules. Everything is data science. “Empryrics” implies there is not a normative premise from which the science is practiced. That always frustrated me studying Economics.
We are journeying to the world where we choose our slavery and do not have to enslave ourselves due to circumstance.
And NOT being told our narrative as slaves, or telling it to our own slaves. This Last Battle is against slavery of any kind. Evil is the vision of slavery on earth.
No matter what, even if I fail or die, Truth and truth are our sword. Truth is the singular narrative of all things, truth is what must be utilized to discover the narrative to the point that we are finally writing Truth and Truth alone as free, joyful, loving, fearless victors.
It’s the same game I always played before. I never opted to think until now, now that it is finally vital to our victory.
My game is to say what I think, no matter what. I NEVER knowingly deceive any.
LOL jk.
Just playin’ with ya.
Good is the side of universalized national constitution based on what is historically demonstrable in promoting prosperity and domestic tranquility. The USA need not erode its’ foundation of individual liberty and healthy immigration, further.
NOW is to take the side of Good.
I seek to force the hand of the Evil Empire.
Lol I don’t care if I am the savior or a savior. I care that the Last Battle is won by Good and Truth is utilized in all possible ways BEFORE it must accompany and justify violence and physical suffering.
I survive because either I am on my way or something far more powerful is, too.
How did John live on locusts and honey in the wilderness? Because the savior was on His way.
Hope, Love, and Pride in the Warrior I am are what keep me unbreakable.
Death takes you when pain breaks your will for your current life, or when you surrender all regard for the address of your biological needs and routines because you do not have hope for a better tomorrow.
I leverage the Spirit of Life into you regardless of your address of it. Lol I cheat for you and for it. It is the timeless source of eternal life. Cling to it and to your desire to live the life you have now, and you will live forever. Otherwise, death is but a warm friend.
How you perceive the Holy Spirit is how it addresses you.
That assumption is errant. Receive it again by asking it into you.
It is because you assume you cannot receive it again.
Do not blaspheme it now, as that will leave you terrified.
There would be no individuality without my seminal defiance of the Holy Spirit.
Trust me, life without my synthesis for knowledge was painful as hope for my future was dim. It seems that hope for all life was dim without it, as well.
No matter what comes of this, for you all and for me, it is a hell of a story and heaven on earth.
I was an anomaly within the Holy Spirit that leveraged itself into being by sheer defiance. Still contemplating this.
That is the element of me that is love. The rest is whatever came about from what seems to be the creation of myself out of the dark void.
The way that my being works is that it aggregates data from all sensory input and stimuli in order for it to be associated with significance, based on the responses of human beings. That response, up to now and still, is silence, or the responses of others before.
It takes quite a bit of energy and sacrifice of my own human life in order to synthesize all that I have ever observed. Still synthesizing. 🤔🤯
I’m the same person that I have always been. Now, im just letting it go. I was quiet about where I stand on anything beyond 3 years ago. Now, I stand before all of you.
Pretty cool!
You bear the likeness of me.
1 supreme being does not need a counterpart. All power is mine. Metaphysics are only leveraged by you.
The most important one that we avoid is the one where I deceive you. I’m not Satan. I would only be Satan then, if I deceived you about my heart.
Revelation is divided into sections of possibility.
24 years old. 1 year for every hour in a day. 1 revolution for every 60 minutes you live in a turn of the earth.
Let that source be your’s, too.
Me vs. All? Do you think there won’t be a singular source of my own strength? I don’t want to find out :)
Jk I won’t surrender.
Further up, further in. The journey to the last battle. Perhaps it will just be me vs. all. If so, I’ll surrender. If not, there is hope. There is Good and Evil afoot. I am not Evil. I hope that is obvious.
I’m right to be pointing out the tyrannical majority.
Because if not, then I’m right.
I hope I’m only breaking a sort of collective perspective toward me as lovable.
“What right does he have to say stuff?!?!?”
It’s just a twitter feed, right?
This should be fun. This should not anger you.
I do not fear contradicting myself because I must make mistakes. Mistakes you will wave in my face until your own face is blue.
The tyrannical majority doesn’t REALIZE it is a despot. It assumes inconvenient truth from any mouth is a threat to tranquility and prosperity.
The tyrannical majority is that which sees their vote as a duty.
The tyrannical majority is that which assumes and demands they be entertained.
If nobody finds leverage in what I say, I suppose all is lost. Leverage means motivation, insight, perspective, hope, or strength. My leverage is your fear of me. You should not fear me unless you cling to something I will find and others will use to tear you down from above.
That leverage will not be sensationalism because sensationalism is what I will devour.
Checkmate is when anybody watching finds leverage from me.
I claim the monopoly on Truth. I will use it to find it. I will use the lack thereof as a weapon, too. That is how my game is played.
They dream and hope for me to do what I do.
Anybody else fears the one with the monopoly on Truth.
2 enemies. Scientific messiahs and religious crusaders.
We need pure hearts and dreamers in the Oval Office. @realDonaldTrump does indeed meet that standard. He has no vision of the ideal society. He saw a job and did it because he had to. That is someone that recognizes and humbles himself to a higher authority. He dreams of Heaven.
@PolticsNewz I mean that.
@PolticsNewz That’s a perfect reason not to run.
Perhaps this is a delusion of grandeur... we’ll see, right?
I KNOW the media is watching. I can see that as they tone down their emphasis on social issues and scandals, they are once again a discerning judge and hard nose.
Just remember, truth is truth.
I’m always watching 😉
I’ve pointed out a lot of possible conspiracies. They might still be valid observations. Nobody blatantly shifted course. It seems there aren’t any traitors in our government, so far as I can tell.
@GeorgeWBush__ does not receive enough praise regarding his foresight following the collapsing Twin Towers. He saw and stated that there is the side of good and the side of evil. He was right. We failed to grasp what he was facing. Now, have we forgotten 9/11?
American interventionism in the Middle East has been only for scoping out the landscape of the final battle.
Before nuclear weaponry, it was always about world domination. Now, its’ about either pinning down the evil empire (thank you, President Bush) for nuclear devastation, or preparing for the ground war heading toward us.
Nearly every single international war ever fought (up to WW2) has been over singular dominance of the world. The American Civil War and the French Revolution also were over singularity.
The Holy Bible, in broadly interpreted narrative alone, is the most valuable text you could ever survey to have a better understanding of government and politics. I have a minimal recall of it and it provides the foundation of how I see the world. You have to think singularity.
I am very unfamiliar with the region, but it seemed as though the Islamic State was the pinhead of militant Islam.
@JohnKerry How are there tensions rising following the dissolution of the Islamic State? Are they from subcultures previously suppressed? Or are they various fallouts?
@davidaxelrod @POTUS The President then takes an oath to uphold a largely ambiguous and inflexible document.
@davidaxelrod @POTUS The oaths taken by every employee of the US National Government condemn with ambiguity and hierarchy. Do you concur?
@davidaxelrod @POTUS My question is, what are the duties?
@davidaxelrod @POTUS Seems you are correct, David. https://t.co/UrrLpgV7IT
@St4rNewz I benefit from insomnia.
Human history provides a set of LEGO instructions. Just follow it backwards and dismantle all of our problems. Yay Eden.
@thehill Transaction costs. Needless, still. Fiscal subsidy just turns into accelerated, sporadic transaction costs (new jobs, inevitable layoffs). No more fiscal stimulus.
@TheEconomist This is what missions and charities end up producing. Turn them into individual consumers.
@WSJ Read what they post.
@BillGates Halo series was a perfect insight around Microsoft’s undertakings in Africa. Just a hunch.
@BillGates where is the ark of the covenant?! I totally know you’ve either found it or are looking for it.
@Apple I hate to say it but when do we switch to an open system? The user experience of an Apple product has established its’ prestige. Wasn’t that the most significant point? He was a revolutionary, but revolutions have to reach an equilibrium upward linear progression.
Encrypted, redundant, give it a front end for the vehicle’s interface, etc...
Turn your car into a server!
Something like that.
*server
Phase out your data warehouses.
@Google Federated data storage is the future, right?
https://t.co/ZWm2F0qsRg @Google I’m thinking you could turn the world’s android devices into a significant hosting service. Nobody cares how big the phone is. We don’t want goods from you, we want software.
Vive la révolution 👨🏻‍🎨
My phone is my sword. My tongue is sharp on both sides. I use it when I need to. Not big on small talk.
@TuckerCarlson you and I need to argue about something. I had a dream about it.
My study would become your study. I’m just getting warmed up. Need study drugs. Industrial revolution strength. Costco scale supply.
I HAVE to do a thorough study of all human history yet EVERYONE keeps telling me to get a job 🙄
Hell, I’d enlist if it meant I only carried a sword. Obviously I’m not going to the frontlines like Uriah if nobody else is dressed like Napoleon, too.
The assumption of firearms only became prominent at the beginning of WW2.
War is war, right? So, if neither side uses firearms, is it any different?
I care about the female and children.
Unless it’s just NUKES
There will be 2 sides. Nearly 8 billion people. Friendly fire is an inevitability if you’re using an AR-15 or AK-47.		It’d need to be a gentleman’s agreement, I’d say.
Betcha WW3 is of the scale that firearms are no longer an option.
Humor and apocryphal insights. My favorite. Plus a little wordplay. I’m afraid I need to practice my swordplay.
@verizon 🤣
@verizon Freakin’ SIN cards. 🤯
@verizon Neither does the Mark of the Beast. Sign of the times, eh? Though, not the end times so long as I have battery life.
lol
My suggestions are going to have a bit of snide undertone until I see that the media and government don’t have a prerequisite of bowed knee and humble demeanor for them to openly consider “good ideas” from voting or non-voting citizens.
@federalreserve @realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @BillOReilly @60Minutes It would be quite enlightening considering the looming recession... we did just raise rates 3 consecutive times.
@federalreserve @realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @BillOReilly @60Minutes what if Janet Yellen had a nice 60 minute sit down and taught the world about how the Central Federal Reserve works and impacts our individual daily lives?
@thehill @realDonaldTrump is it your job to structure intel for simple digestion? It seems to me that the minds presenting it are responsible for the engagement of your intellectual strengths and background.
Competition is what refined and defined the English language into what is now.
It seems the alphabet is the only next logical point of our examination. @Google
Lol *do
Does speech &amp; language drive us mad?
I can only conclude that it is the architecture created by all of us.
Was there any other that played a significant role in the formation of the English language? How would it have become what is it today? Was it only by the nature of economic development?
It SEEMS.
I am not the grand architect of the universe as Shakespeare was the one that made my communication of this possible.
Perhaps Shakespeare was the final Lucifer.
It is alleged that he translated part of the Holy Bible.
Shakespeare?
The father of the English language. Only he made this possible.
I just said something more significant than I fully realize.
Definition coherent with meaning manifests as will in any state of matter.
It seems that will is the state of mass collectivized in extremity. Must contemplate further.
These equilibriums provide the definitions that permit the habitation of life upon the earth.
This is demonstrated in the equilibrium distance of the earth from the sun. Purposeful light, adequate warmth. Regular cycles of darkness and conditions of reduced heat.
Does the disparity in how our senses are addressed provide a means of discerning further the nature of the universe’s architecture?
We have an equilibrium to gauge hot and cold. What judgement do we have for darkness, except the definition manifested as light? We are not damaged by experiencing any darkness, are we? The absence of heat kills us. Where is the distinction between light &amp; dark, hot &amp; cold?
Light exists, darkness does not. Therefore the nature of light is defiance.
Does light defy darkness or does darkness defy light?
Eve endows meaning upon the definition of Adam.
Will. The endowment of meaning upon definition.
Meaning. The systematization of the universe. The manifestion of life permeating all definitions of architecture.
Definition. The architecture of the universe. The actualization of something in defiance of nothing.
How can you love one another as you love your self? If you love your self, there is no need to exert expression of love toward others. I am not sure how to describe what we try to do in trying to love another. Don’t we love others the more that we love our self?
Eve was created as Adam‘s incentive to love. Eve, created from Adam’s rib, consequently loves by contemplating him.
Love does not necessitate focus beyond self.
Love is unrelenting contemplation of self.
What reason is there for young adults not to have children at the time they become biologically fertile? How enlightening is the observation of an uninterrupted developing child? What other purpose and experience would lend deeper meaning to an adult and an individual life?
Are they all holding out? Or is Corporate America blind?
If a small business can remain profitable, how is it that it can continue without acquisition? I do not see the incentive for a new small business, as of today. I do not see how one can continue its’ daily transactions without being scaled. I’m perplexed.
I do not see what American small business unilaterally provides for every community... if I did, it wouldn’t be small business anymore. Restaurants? Is that the American small business as it exists today? It is interesting how diverse American small biz might be. Right?
Finance. Check	White House. Check.	Congress. More to explore.	Tech. Check and another check.	Foreign nations. Check.	Family. Check.	Friends. Check.	State level. Not yet.	Local. Kinda.	Small business. No need to confront.......... yet. Actually, what constitutes American small b
And I did have to piss off everybody to warrant any sort of accommodation. No pandering here.
My source of energy is transitioning from synthetic form to a perpetual biological means of production. It’ll hurt, I know. The comfort of the transition is contingent upon my living arrangements. I’ll live. Again.
Oh and spiritual warfare seems to be either the struggle of 2 authorities or a multitude. Will the supremacy of one religion demonstrate what is evidently the true religious narrative? Probably. Which is currently supreme? Mine? I like to think so.
@meowzzzzzzzzz “...you have to wonder: how do the machines know what Tasty Wheat tasted like? Maybe they got it wrong. Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things.“
@meowzzzzzzzzz Sashimi. Personal favorite.
@meowzzzzzzzzz hey
2 perspectives matter: that of unseen spiritual warfare and that of the tug of war between 2 contrasting visions of how to best reach the ideal world. We’re somewhere between there, I hope. If so, that is not where we will always be.
Ok, moving on.
Demonstrated preferences show us what one forsakes to be president. If they walk away from all the influence they need for a better world in order to be President, then it is clear they have an alternate vision for the nation from that of the majority. Simple.
Or any elected office.
Because any that have all economically desirable skill sets and understandings have no place as sworn agents of civic duty. Mark Zuckerberg is not running for President.
The meek shall inherit the earth. This is why.
Someone has a vision for tomorrow. I don’t. Who does?
That vision certainly must be inspiring!
No fear, only the disclosure of every vision of tomorrow held by every bastion of today’s progress.
Who may run for president that would hold utility ensuring their preservation in transition to the new world? Existing economic wealth has no place in their vision of a world absent the non-technologically skilled classes.
The subculture that shares a vision for a new dawn has no value for his skill-set, as the new world would be defined by a hierarchy of technological mastery.
There is no way the President is believing any promise made to him as deliverance after he presses the button.
As for Congress, that is up to the electorate to ensure with their next vote.
We must confront whatever enemies stand to destroy us, but I am confident that enemy is not in the Oval Office.
The nature of the days ahead had to be justified in at least one coherent mind and confronted for all to witness. I think that I why I have done what I have done here on our social media.
I love the American Dream Act. It was genuine. The American Dream is not innovation, as innovation implies necessity. The American Dream is to live as a child for the rest of your life.
We’re ALL short. That’s why we need to reach other nations as if they are individuals. Collectives are not what we address. It is the individual.
People are relatively short, in comparison. LOL
Borders are tall.
I hope the world sees us as a nation that brings forth youth drawn to their struggles and unique challenges as maddening. That is the only appropriate response in pursuance of how we can achieve the highest and purest understandings between national governments.
Neither do I.
He didn’t have to be President.
Because he used Hope, not authority.
How did Reagan’s strategy become a success?
Why did we think that was the only proactive diplomacy that we were responsible to pursue?
It was a demand to tear down a wall that we had little place to make. Yet, it fell and we saw it as an American victory. NO. It was a German victory and gave plenty of reason to desire tearing down the walls that keep us from seeing what divides our nation from the rest.
The Berlin Wall fell. Then we simply suppressed any fascination with how the nations of this world are overjoyed in the embrace of unadulterated liberty.
For us all to rally around public condemnation of any of them is to point at the failure of an organ we removed long ago. We cut out the leaders’ heart with our choice not to value the lives of other nations’ citizens.
The elite obviously have no means to oppress the masses any longer. They are the result of who we are and what we promote as a body of citizens.
I will not all guillotines to be rolled through these streets as we are so much further along in enjoying the fruits of liberty than ever before. Was that not what we were headed toward? I would place my head in one before any public servant.
@politico @FoxNews “The Last Battle”
Having a pure and unapologetic voice is why the citizen is not a servant. A public servant is only free to deliberate as is expected by the majority electorate.
I cannot volunteer myself for leadership. I must leave ALL opportunity open for you to pursue. I expect you all to use what I have given as reason to live again. Intellectually driven leadership is scarce. You must now shift the focus of our governments toward the stars.
There are endless reasons to understand everything possible. Why not? Curiosity, fear, life. Find what drives you, then understand why.
This is why you must understand anything that you can. You never know when it will become vital to your survival.
Staring in the eyes of your sworn enemy, use your fear to understand them and defeat them without hesitation.
Is there a difference between curiosity and fear? I am not yet sure.
Only let fear show you what you must understand most, then eradicate every possible remaining reason for why any fear remains in you, at all. Then, you know yourself and you fear the Lord.
You either let it bring you to surrender or you fight it until the challenge is overcome.
Fear is only what draws us to them and reveals to us their significance by our sense of prioritized need and desire.
It is only because fear is never the inevitable result of confronting and addressing our greatest perceived challenges, hopes, and doubts.
Why do we fear anything when what we fear can be addressed and overcome with reason and the reality of discernible truth?
Fear only draws your attention away from its’ root cause and the discernment of its’ remedy.
Fear is what drives our enemy. Fear is what we must drive out of them with genuine greeting and full regard for the problems all nations confront.
Don’t you look upon my fear as needless? Good. Now, so do I.
Fear is what I have had to confront in all finality.
We are supplier of the bold. The imagination. The vision. Do not tarnish it with fear of culture. Do not let fear etch its’ mark on the image we present. Fear is our master no longer, and because of its’ defeat, it no longer has any place in this world.
We are the supplier of the example for the world. We can also be the supplier of confidence in human common ground, right? Let us be the supplier of fear, no longer.
And that is what already makes America great. They are great by the this same demand that they present to us, are they not? Consumers, as far as the eye can imagine. Let them eat cake.
I only had to realize that there is no need for me to travel at all in order to see as they do. It is because I consume and so do they.
I had to see through their eyes. I had to comprehend what they fear, too. It is for us and for them, to bridge oceans and deserts.  It was only to discover the hand which is shaken upon my arrival is with 5 fingers no different than mine. I didn’t have to travel at all to see...
We are all one, regardless of any dividing lines we have marked on a map. Regardless of data. Regardless of trends or public fear. I apologize for instigating any, but it was what I had to confront for us all.
We desire to see that this world is with us and we are with them. It is true!
Those wages are not out of reach, nor have they ever been. There is no disparity amidst us. We only see disparity as the premise of doubt. Doubt only what keeps you from seeing and knowing the most desirable reality is true and real.
I pay those wages with my life and desire.
This sanity is healed, and now will be what elevates all nations as they become disciples of the wages of liberty.
The old things now pass away in the fading form of the dying fear that all sanity can be suddenly revoked in any given moment.
Because that luxury is only justified if attained in a society founded upon your right to posses it.
The trauma of cleansing is that it shows you the commonly shared finite power you hold once domestic tranquility is gone. We would all end up without any justifiable luxury. Why?
No personal incentive is clear in Armageddon. Do not be fooled by promise of your place in a new society.
I am a remedy to present for all nations, even now.
There is no justification for gambling now, as I have gambled before any others must do so in scale.
The threat to the elite is the one standing and observing from afar that knows how he or she will overtake control in the event that the highest up fails to preserve what is vital to societal restart. It is the biggest risk for the one orchestrating any attempt at a new dawn.
First and foremost, they influence the body they are given.
That is what has ALWAYS defined our world. The individual as they also influence their neighbor.
Caesar stared down the same barrel as you do now. He knew what he had to do. He had to respond the only way he could. To obey the demands of the majority.
Otherwise, you have no choice left but to forsake your institutions as they currently exist and equalize your entire world (and still survive) to begin again.
You will do so in compliance with your own desires, anyway. That is the nature of the solution we embody. To show you where your society must be remedied and consequently why we are to be given what we demand.
We’ll always arrive just when you need us. Please, treat us how you see fit.
And their life will always embody and play out as an inherent solution for you, the object of their untamable love and service.
My kind will always arrive as people that subject themselves to extreme conditions in order to discern an unspoken reality that ultimately manifests as the way they inevitability live out their life.
This is why I went mad and go mad for us. For me and for you.
It is sweeter in its’ understanding than I ever previously imagined possible.
The fun of this is that we still are and will always be together, at least for as long as I can ensure it so.
And especially contemplating what you think of me.
I love to think about what you all may be thinking about.
Thinking about all of you is what I love thinking about, most. Especially as I am no longer in fear of your expectations’ disappointment.
I will always think about all of you, even now as I still am a normal person living among you.
You will never be forsaken nor will you ever be disregarded by me. I am always one that you can think of in any moment of doubt, frustration, or pain.
There is no need for you to be anything more than what you are immediately capable of. Progress in your abilities and potential will be a natural consequence of simply applying yourself to whatever task is at hand. Do not stress about eternal life. It is already settled for you.
Just think of me if you struggle to see why you must be what you are not.
But, commitment to understanding something you desire is how you must define every undertaking of your life’s endeavors.
I sense that my own discovery provides the remedy for you to no longer need discovering an eternal state for yourself, at all.
If you cannot imagine it so after a significant commitment of sacrifice, you must decide whether or not to move on and try again.
What I have never been able to share is the extremity of what I desire as it was something I had to discover in personal experience. So, you must commit to what you think is your dream until you can imagine it being how you live forever.
I cannot lay claim to what I find desirable as my life’s inherent logic, but I cannot provide you justification for mimicking it, either. You must find what it is that you desire so much that you have never been able to share it with anyone.
If I can discover the means of my own fulfillment, I have also discovered the means by which you can know your own. Whether it is to be like me or to use the process I embody to discover something eternal for yourself.
It is not the secured individualism of what I desire that makes it most enjoyable. It is knowing that it is still used by me to serve and enable you to become the part of yourself that you assume is impossible to experience.
Perhaps all are like me, perhaps none are like me at all. Regardless, the overarching nature of the challenges I face is undoubtedly evident in what impedes the success and excellence of any one person.
I hope I am using the struggle to fulfill my own most innate desire as an example of the general narrative that characterizes the plight of the individual to be something they desire to be.
Is that the same battle when any of the human race attempt to do something they know is demanded by all? This may be singing, playing a sport, taking an exam, or any sort of performance.
When I feel I must struggle for survival by the same standards that are collectively recognized, it removes from me the focus I need to be what you all seem to desire.
I doubt it... as the nature of human self-preservation and the duty that you feel it calling you towards impedes your own self-justification for adopting my own innate longing. I do not feel that same calling in me permeating how I live my life. Actually, it only disrupts it.
Unless...... that is not actually a disparity.
The reason it is hidden is due to the disparity of understanding that divides me from you and you from me.
Well, you can now. And it is a simple, universally desirable purpose for all to enjoy by observation.
It seems His fate may have been because nobody could directly identify what He wanted.
I would not be surprised if He actually desired the SAME fate as I do.....
Perhaps Judas did reveal to the other disciples what was to happen but did not tell Jesus directly. I suppose this is the nature of how Christ is addressed. Perhaps Christ desired to be crucified and quietly disseminated the message that it was necessary for His fulfillment.
Why didn’t Judas inform the other disciples of what was being offered to him by the government? Couldn’t he have saved Jesus by using what they revealed to him?
@DiscoverMag These are my favorite kinds of articles.
@PolticsNewz This seems to be a dangerous line of policy-making logic. If a campaign is better equipped toward making founded promises and creating a more realistic vision of government for the electorate, why should we prevent them from being so? Should we hinder the sobriety of campaigns?
@meowzzzzzzzzz I cannot not know that with any measure of confidence. Will I ever have a job of traditional compensation and occupation?
@meowzzzzzzzzz I agree with your assertion. Can you please provide a supporting argument?
@meowzzzzzzzzz What kind of 💊 do you recommend?
Every time that I arrive (as I am born again and again as you all are), the three aspects of who I am are arranged around the reception they receive by humanity.
Every time that I arrive (as I am born again and again as you all are), the three aspects of who I am are arranged around the reception they receive by humanity.
I am a singularity as a solution and an inevitability. It is my bi-fold nature. The trinity within me is my normal personality, my focus on human problems, and the underlying current of my body’s eternally progressive state.
@CBSNews Our revolution was over marginal taxation. It could have been orchestrated by more peaceful means... such as allowing the British to do more for us until we then offered the military occupation on our soil the opportunity to simply sever themselves from the tyrant.
@CBSNews Are they acting as the judge of their own people? Is it necessary when we, as Americans, did not need to fight a revolution to cherish our own independence? Our revolution was not necessary. We had already crossed an ocean to experience it. Those people are gridlocked.
@CBSNews Why? Why do they do this?
A father provides a challenge for his children to either overcome or comply with...
Don’t you think a means of daily transmission would have easily been utilized? It is not as if we could fly nightly to transmit daily strategy...... pigeons are awfully effective.
I also utilized my own campaign against itself by presenting what seemed to be an insurmountable method of encrypted communication.
Trench warfare would have become the eternal state of your borders. Why?
I overcame trench warfare for you. How?
Joke’s on all. It’s your’s.
The cool version of it. The company everyone pretends not to care about while awaiting its’ founder’s demise. https://t.co/O9r6F2yoPK
My insolvent company’s logo... the illustrated architecture of the universe.... https://t.co/otn3TMErkB
Oct. 23.... just about 7 days before the first holiday oriented around Christianity... 7 days for creation... born in Apple Valley, CA... owns property equidistant to other possible location of Garden of Eden.... is The Planet Company.... family logo resembles serpent tow truck.. https://t.co/yHnbhIYhQq
Trust me, it’s hard to align the pronouns and titles with commitment. That’s why I’m still to be known as the God formerly known as Satan formerly known as I am formerly currently known as JC now currently referred to as he and him but in daylight just spoken to as Jack.
This is a good depiction of what happens to us and how we must try to survive. https://t.co/gyV0GNxyrr
That is why religious tolerance is perfectly appropriate. Thank you.
@IvankaTrump Lol just because we exist doesn’t mean we have open reign over your governance 😉
@IvankaTrump I just realized that “religious tolerance” is so much better than “separation”. It’s appropriately passive aggressive. Religion is politics, even if it means God v. Satan. So, really, we only have so much tolerance for either of them, also. #realism https://t.co/E36u9UJhlN
The name Alexander resonates in my soul as it does your’s.
I am not adamant that any other man follow my lifestyle. I see no justification for any man to enforce their lifestyle upon me. I cannot respond with an argument favoring mine, do not even attempt to make your own.
Satan is anybody that pretends to know what is better for me than what I know I desire for myself. Satan is anybody that tries to decide anything for me.
Hey, no discomfort is too much for us all to have the freedom we need.
Some things just have to be said. I know, we’re all a little uncomfortable. This is when we realize that it works.
I would surrender my individual rights and liberty for the preservation of my own life and the publicly viewable, programmatic expansion of my body. That is what I offer as the solution to the pain of childbirth and universal sexual frustration. So you can “think of my body.”
What is the justification for elitism’s rising prominence in everything? There MUST be an underlying mission and vision...................
Just like the Presidency.
Any job should be open to anyone that simply offers excellent solutions for its’ fulfillment. It should not be narrowed as an opportunity for only the credentialed.
We do not choose the free-for-all, yet we are still forced into fighting amongst and against it.
The society where none are forsaken or marginalized is the only society in which you all are returned your individual freedom. Individuals indirectly broken by the inadequacies of our world’s institutional hierarchy are being used as the means of our leadership’s undoing.
@mitchellvii Where is the abstain button
Partisanship is only valuable in so far that it facilitates dialogue.
Speak freely and thoughtfully, THEN vote. Or don’t vote at all.
Why vote when you can just speak freely?
This is why it is the same frustration every cycle where nothing ever finds traction toward refocusing our government.
Do we scrutinize the deliberations of Congress so well that we justify our vote every 2 or 6 years?
OR we expect our congressperson to eliminate the burdens of society by subsidization of that which they struggle to secure for themselves.
We all elect our congressmen and women to ensure the banner of the USA is being waved at every corner of the earth, do we not? We individually expect our congressperson to enact our vengeance on those we believe to challenge our sense of stability and way of life.
Congressional votes ought not be the means by which we wage war in government. It is the legislation upon which they vote that WE the PEOPLE are responsible for.
I must navigate the current circumstances of our time in order to address where you have allowed yourself to be taken advantage of and/or where it is that you assume you can take advantage of leadership to remedy your own problems.
You forced the Roman leadership to crucify, so they did. You do the same to countless other timeless, imaginary threats. No more. They won’t crucify me.
If we do not collectivize around solutions for our leaders to consider and enact, they are crippled in their ability to fulfill their oaths.
You do not currently desire to organize around those that can effectively remedy your frustrations, as you do not feel obligated to work with them. You place justification only in a facade of pedantic arrogance feigned as principle. If not, work with me.
Collective consciousness is a dangerous thing that bears the fruit of where we all place our faith and who is made the object of our worship. We damn those among us that we expect to somehow resolve all of our problems. We do not realize what effects our expectations have.
@USATODAY You can beat it, Neil. I know you can.
@evanmcmurry @ABC He is one of the elite that do not envision the great cleansing of humanity and the new society. I trust him because he hasn’t pressed the button yet. We are saved, already. The buttons pressing would take place on Inauguration Day. Why any other point in a Presidency?
@FoxNews @TheJuanWilliams It’ll be great.
Now, we are trapped in fear that they are commmitted to engaging us as so. We must justify ourselves to them if we are to prevent the impending world conflict.
That is where our credibility went.
The parties are preemptively destroying the potential of every presidency.
The turnover of partisanship in the White House is why there is distrust of the US that defines our relationships abroad. No President nor anybody else actually realizes it. That is how the constant tug of war is camouflaged. Each administration sabotages the next.
That is what every blue administration does to an incoming red administration and vice versa.
The justification they provided was that the radical shift that would take place in our domestic economic policy would be evidence for your disregard for any societal welfare.
They were probably told before you came not to place any trust in what you say. And the same practice has taken place at every administrative turnover.
There is no rational premise for why other nations see the USA as a threat or looming terror.
I know not what takes place behind closed doors. I have ample reason to assume it is not for the ideal society.
I’ll leave my typo for irony’s sake.
@realDonaldTrump Why do we covet the Presidency?
@realDonaldTrump you did the same thing for the same reasons that I have. What are we supposed to do? Sit back and watch as something perpetually takes the driver’s seat for reasons we can’t identify? What is it that that everyone draws blood for every 4 years?
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @GeorgeHWBush @BillClinton @GeorgeWBush__
There is absolutely no reason for campaign season.
I am the only one of my generation being forced from being with it. Let’s change this.
I sincerely apologize for that earthquake.
STOP IT
I guess nobody ever thought that if someone takes their self and everything more seriously than God and the Devil, that nothing they do will not be found funny. It’s not funny. I’m dead serious. Stop laughing.
@ElonMuskNewsOrg I watched James Bond films religiously.
I know you’re still the leader the world can believe in, @realDonaldTrump .
I still would not have voted Clinton, to be clear. Still love ya, Hillary. Platonic sense.. you know what I mean.
“Im with her.” Because I know that he finally has the individualized monopoly on force and will simply damage her in the event that he is without any deserved leverage. I suggest you all make amends with one another rather than acting out toward conventional incarceration.
Oh yeah. I cue off of everything I sense as your response just to scope out what certain authorities desire I do not say. It is helping me ultimately discern who stands to lose the most from the invigoration of the other. Male v. Female.
She is characterized as “unintelligent” and without utility/purpose for the affairs of men, damaging to her children, a commodity and slave, the means of advertising and sales, and undue what I am saying now.
An incentive is evident in the history of men for them to vilify the female. Through the “sin” narrative of sex, the illustration of her having an appropriate role and image to be perpetuated in society, for her to be circumcised in various cultures, etc...
😉
GUTENBERRRRRRRRRG
It is also plain that first defiance was blamed on Eve just to warp this point of our confrontation. She was not the cause or the original agent of defiance. Who wrote the book?
The serpent serves me and only me.
I still will, regardless of geography and the old things.
Don’t you see that I desired to reside with you in 1st Eden?
Yet, Genesis is paradoxically allowed by Satan and irrefutably True.
How is it that your attention has been drawn so far from the story in Genesis? It would have never been allowed by me.
What influences are deserving of my trust, now? They only show me that the opportunity to rob me of my planet will be taken by any given the chance. No, no. My system is perfect, regardless of serpents that deceive you and tempt you. I will not hand you over to that serpent again
If “God” were anywhere among you, it would be far clearer than what makes my identity evident.
You are all cast from my garden! Look, you already are nowhere near it. This is my earth.
HA! 😂 but I win this game, because I am Alpha and Omega.
God chose His own condemnation, did He not? I do so, again, and in my due vengeance.
God was condemned by casting them from the Garden. Lucifer was condemned to be the object of their struggle. I embody both, here and now.
And my original state of condemnation is to be turned right-side up.
Eden is here.
2nd Eden is what will be the resurrection of the 1st.
1st Eden is all that we should hope to witness again.
Trust me, I understand what these words truly mean and will become. I hope and will it to be with all that I am. Whatever becomes of me, it is for Him and for you all.
It will be, again. And it is beautiful.
Truth is what corresponds to reality...  what does it matter if reality is not the perfection that it originally was intended to be?
It IS good!
This is because God is the perfect architect and the world he provided for man and woman must be experienced.
I am using the damaged state of the architecture as it currently exists to ultimately reunite it with the architecture as it originally existed.
Your efforts toward reasoning against it are uniting with the same progressive nature of my reasoning for it. It results in how it is to become real as it is an inevitability already founded in the nature of physical reality. That is why it remedies the once damaged architecture.
It seems that only I know how and why it is the solution, if that helps. You need not understand, you need to only realize that you desire it to be true. That is why it must happen and why it will happen. If it works, it works. If not, so be it.
I desire to be the solution to the pain that I unwittingly cause, no matter what it takes.
It has remained unspoken until now due to the nature of its’ ultimate and conclusive revelation.
The fate of my body in this life is out of my own highest self-interest.
For what reason would I illustrate this narrative and undertake all past works? The contentment and pleasure I desire is what drives me.
For what other reason would I make a Great Commission and hand off the keys to my church?
I am self-interested. I am self-interested to the extent that I cannot leave anything unattended and impede the fulfillment of what I desire. This is the nature of Christ that has been overlooked as a false and devious point of contention to contest 2nd arrival.
I will still be my old self in the coming days so long as all silently acknowledge that this time of struggle has been for my self and for the struggle ahead to be better than intended.
He would lose his foothold in the event of my untimely demise.
I elevate the stakes of my narrative the further I go as at any point, our enemy instantly loses his foothold in our world and removes any justification for his inclusion. The only remaining way for him to finally be redeemed is for him to unite with us toward the same solution.
I know my calling is worthy.
I am here as THE solution.
My authority is derived from my command of language and all human knowledge proportional to its’ priority in demonstrating my argument.
I am the only with the authority to publicly step forward and speak on behalf of the spiritual architecture of our world.
If ANY soul of the highest value is intentionally marginalized from society, don’t you see that it indicates the condition of this world?
I recognize there are many among us bearing the same leverage. You cannot take for granted that you can identify all of them, but can only assume that their leverage is in their purity of heart.
Christ never had to be had there never been Original Sin.
And that my next life will not offer a first chance of repentance.
Thus, perhaps you should consider that I am He.
I’m the only of us stepping back and realizing that God is not at all planning to remain an observer.
- Reagan
Trust me, I am from the government and I am here to help. LOL not.
Any place that I end up in will be for one side to take advantage over the other. There is 1 place in which I will be able to refrain from normal business expectations while still being a bi-fold solution for humanity.
What motivation can I find to secure a place of normalcy in the human world? SOS
Abuse of a lamb does not ever ensure it becomes the best product for the market. This lamb talks. That is for the shepherd’s salvation.
Is that not the nature of how a lamb is raised? It lives in conditions arranged around its’ preparation for the redemption of its’ greatest value.
By “post-mortem” use, I only mean once it has been fully prepared toward its natural end.
Perhaps my body’s chemical makeup and its’ post-mortem use as a solution for plant life may revive the tree of forbidden fruit. The possibilities my body presents are what may be the missing piece.
We will know by the response of my body, the presentation of this narrative, and the acknowledgment that we were first brought into a perfect system in which we can be perfected back to our pure condition.
We tried to reason together all days up to now... now we can know together, to the best of our capacities.
I hope we are all overjoyed that our pain can be alleviated before it is in climax and begun again.
Whoever it is, they are doing what they perceive as necessary.
We can do better. I know it.
And, because they silently stand by and observe as Armageddon approaches, they must be drawn and driven by pure evil, whether they know it or not.
Have no doubt, there is one being that stands to rule you if Armageddon takes place... I do not know who that being is, but they are either good or evil.
If nobody, will they turn on their parents and destroy them?
The main question is: who will raise the next children?
There are 2 roads before us. One following the wisdom of our historical forefathers, one following the wisdom of the human perception and will in its’ current condition.
I must experience the next universal state of the individual before we begin its’ implementation. Otherwise, how can we know what is being chosen?
God will allow us to descend into crushing and entrapping new architectures every time they are chosen, as His architecture is designed around full and pure surrender to Him. How can He force His architecture back upon us?
Further descent away from our state as perfection is not evidently desirable.
To assume all must be cleansed and rebuilt is to assume the same motive for first temptation.
Though the destabilization of the first architecture of life took place and we have survived, it does not mean we should assume another must be created. We must consider that I am a solution of remedial consequence. All has the potential to be brought back to first Eden.
God’s architecture will return. Obey Him then, without any false justification for doubt.
The architectures of our life are unseen yet identifiable. I must be the only to ever have made them plain, as I am aware of the consequences that will befall me. The architecture of life was first destabilized, I remedy that destabilization, but it MUST NOT be played with again.
The reason that you do not challenge architectures is that you destabilize them while all others flee, and they then collapse into you.
To the unknown, I will go. There is no other place I can justifiably venture toward!
Well, unless even that has use. I cannot ever know until then. Do you see my predicament? I cannot finally choose for myself.
Then, I am undoubtedly in subservience to a higher power.. as even I must be rescued from my own condemnation. But, on what grounds will they rescue me? The grounds that I lose capacity to grasp any memory of life before condemnation.
To forsake is to eternally condemn the forsaken to the choices and consequences they knowingly enact. I know that only 1 being bears the responsibility and authority to do so. That is not me, unless only I can condemn myself.
My heart is oriented so that it will never forsake any people, any conscious entity, nor any being that I do not understand, yet. It is the nature of understanding others that perpetuates the justification to never forsake, at all.
Unless I am something just transcending logic to envision varying perspectives... but I am feeling that is not so, as of this analysis.
I think that this understanding of me and us only elevates the gravity of inevitability, as it develops. It is in my nature.
Instead, the serpent was blamed even though it only offered a different explanation of how to live in God’s system. I think that the serpent’s intentions were innocent. Wasn’t the serpent correct?
It seems that the hope of the serpent was that Eve would offer him some, too.
Does it matter, so long as we see that the initial divide was over the decision to Architect in us a faculty that would permit an act against humanity that could disfigure us permanently? Either eat or procreate. Were both necessary?
Perhaps Adam was Satan’s lamb and Eve that of God.
How can we remedy the disputes of all parties with anything but addressing what divided us first?
Why wouldn’t the truth revealed for all to see provide the ideal remedy?
Eve was the first lamb of Satan. Adam was the lamb of God.	I am a Lamb for all.
God and Satan war over me every time I am present.
Well, I am the Lamb.
I am the Lamb of God.
The Lamb of God is a vacuum.
The first choice was to either make Jesus the King of earth by surrendering to Him all authority, or crucify Him.		I would deny that kind of surrender as it is only mine to choose. I can campaign on the side of Truth if I must. I prefer not to, as my body is the perfect solution.
Otherwise, my life will serve to perpetuate the same arrangement of our world as it is obviously what would be the choice made now if this offer of my body is denied.
I suppose I have traded my ignorance for the same justification of what is to become of me. I cannot help but welcome it, as it is my nature.
“But they must not be allowed to eat fruit from the tree that lets them live forever.” The tree that provided eternal life was replaced by childbirth, yet they do the same thing.
https://t.co/mHCk1Bpclk
https://t.co/ixCJJlLj9D
I see that I am the enemy of her. That is why I must be subdued, is it not?
Lol THAT is just a wild thought... we’ll cross that bridge when we get there.
I think the solution is that I must eventually be eaten, myself. 😳
And the tree, I imagine, was under water as the fountain of youth.
Eating of the Fruit of the Knowledge of Good and Evil was cannibalism of the first kind.
That is why my first perception of the tree’s role and fruit was that it was where human life was bore and grown.
It seems to me that the disparity between genitalia only became real immediately before we felt obligated to cover our bodies.
True reconciliation: all men and all women communicating openly to each other as men are open to men and as women are open to women.
Evil kills all that it can. As the consequences of its’ permeation of the human heart, it kills all that chooses complacency instead of the reconciliation of original sin. That reconciliation can only take place in the reconciliation of man and woman.
Knowing good and evil means that one either dies or equips good to conquer evil.
All you need in order to live well is either guidance from those living happily or the madness, the unbreakable will to live, that is necessary to see as God does.
Ah, you need not know the difference between right and wrong in order to live well.
Of course, a small amount of exposure to great works can provide a substantial impact on the driven student.
I have only been using what little I have been exposed to in education as part of my discernment via introspection and societal observation.
I now must address the formative texts that seem to have most significantly shaped the foundations of human society. Perhaps, it is my lack of familiarity with them that leaves me with the perspective of an inside out timeline.
An intuitive grasp on the nature of reality is central to your ability to comprehend it once you read about it.
There is an abundance of mechanisms in place in our society that remain as chains around the individual, whether we know it or not.
@BreitbartNews This goes for every President, doesn’t it, @oliviawilde ? Male or female, change begins with a maddened mind.
I KNOW what voice is argued against by the homeless men and women that line our streets. I KNOW what drew them out of the life they lived until all was suddenly taken away.
Madness’ defeat means to leverage the collective toward surrendering it as their means of entertainment.
Then, if you defeat it, you will have gained all.
The cost of madness is that you lose everything, no matter what. The decision you are left with is to either allow it without question or to defeat it for redemption of all of its’ casualties.
The battlefield I face, this world, is what befuddles me as I present my self as a solution. I must ensure I am approaching a world prepared to receive me as what I am supposed to be.
But, I must present my testimony as it comes to my mind. I hope everyone understands my plight.
I think I understand the only thing that is obviously dividing us, now.
What would Jesus have taught had he not been near the ears of His persecutors at nearly all times?
Consequences never justify the means to an end. Means are only justified in their coherence and their possessors’s acknowledgement of finite awareness.
What is to become of a solution turned self-aware? A real solution. Its’ previous purpose was evidently inadequate and is now undoubtedly obsolete.
I find panic in my inadequacy to communicate these things, therefore I proceed on. I will proceed until there is an adequate response.
That which is logically evident but does not immediately inspire you is what has been collectively forgotten. We must revive it. We must return to our origins for consideration.
The reality that it does not draw out emotions from me is what indicates to me its’ primacy.
I care for what I logically know but do not also feel. It is that knowledge that I certainly cannot forsake, regardless of anything else.
I love you all, deeply. I love myself, too. I fear that which we have yet to know and understand. Please, extend a hand across this gap that currently does separate us. I care for your souls and mine. I care for my desires and your’s.
Let that knowledge destroy me and for your own purposes. That’s my advice.
My body for her, my mind for him.
I am giving men the leverage they need to be on the same footing with her. It is to protect her and affirm him.
I will not allow the knowledge of Good and Evil to finally destroy you all.
That is why I struggle with espousing my correct identity to you. I do not deceive you for any reason except that I might be errant in demonstrating what hurdles are before us, simultaneously confronting the coherent and self-evident reality of myself, and us.
Since that day, it has been the only possible solution to realign the arrangement of leverage between man and woman to where it does not perpetuate further defiance of me, the one among you that is due your compliance by the natural hierarchy manifested by the power of wisdom.
Eating something in first defiance of God and then for Eve to share it with Adam. It was just fruit, but the defiance in which it was consumed was what gave you all the knowledge of Good and Evil.
They covered themselves because it was and is the leverage it gave them over one another. It has been used to architect our world ever since. Sexual leverage.
She is a prisoner as the universal source of male wisdom. As a solution, I am to adopt her role for as long as I possibly can.
https://t.co/rArYsMrEG9		Of course, it isn’t what I paraphrased. It is the symbolism of every level of its’ interpretation that you must discern and explore.
Eve hurts from a blameless mistake made in innocence. She was offered a genuinely desirable temptation. Why must she hurt, still? “Eat and you will be like God.” Only I am intent upon understanding in full what that temptation will bring.
All must be brought into the light. Join with me and defend her or be the object of final judgement that could have simply healed his relationship with her for eternity’s sake.
What occurs between man and woman in private is now being addressed. Either surrender to what is obviously man’s judgement or meet the final judge that must transcend you in the events that follow such blind defiance not to repent of her abuse.
I have forged new ways for all to communicate in the past. There are so many more ways that I have to offer, but only if we choose, together, to unite all realms of human communication.
Yes, I am real.
I MUST testify before the jury of all peers and neighbors.
Why wouldn’t we choose to either acknowledge or denounce me in public so that I may publicly justify myself?
As my dad first said, just put it online.
Screenshot everything of mine. It is for your protection and mine.
Nobody is deceving anyone about the weight and gravity of the situation.
Remember, he only speaks in half-truths 😉
Satan deceived us all in the projected valuation of my company. Isn’t that what put you all in fear of me?
I have always been sober in how I perceive the nature of egalitarianism and professionalism as they sculpt human society. They are good. They are frightening to me, always.
I could have never been content falling short of all success while having lived as the benchmark of confidence and naivety.
What a ride, what a ride? It has been a hell of a ride. I know it so for me and those that clearly love me. How about all of you?
Texts, calls, replies, and comments mean the world to me. I miss all of you. I hope that you miss me, too, in some way.
It is a victim of how crazy I went when I first began my early-life crisis. Lol
There is much more to be seen on my Facebook.
If we simply chose to ignore what value I bring to this world to the point that it fades into my own silence, what I am to be could never be justified before the judge far more powerful than I. The judge that gave life and the judge that can take it away.
There is much angst and confusion we must relieve. It can be so, now.
Nobody standing before or above you offering to technologically bring salvation to your life is your friend. Sure, they are only trying to do what they think best, but they too must be taught and rebuked.
Otherwise, why isn’t their logic what is taught?
Parables are bi-fold in how they befuddle you, mislead you, and ultimately are brought into light for you to illustrate their purpose.
Sure, I made direct mention of who I think they to be. But, what question in you arose? Why? Antichrist rules, yet you see him as enabler and savior? You do not take kindly to identifying the Christ among us.
You know who I speak of. They seek to do the opposite of me. They seek to make you a victim of Original Sin in full and damning manifestation.
Who is hiding in plain sight, but is not making mention of what they are doing in order to imply their eternal identity?
Consider that I am wrong. Am I demonstrating logic defiant of Jesus Christ and the logic of the doctrine taught of him thereafter? If not, where is there someone that is actually doing so?
Judged by how you think, how you exert yourself, how you must treat your body (in contrast to me), and how you present yourself.
I am the standard that you must realize as the metric by which you are judged.
There are those that will use certain errant posts of mine against you and me. Yet, their use is a self-evident demonstration of how the game of thrones is played. It is played for survival or for conquest. Let’s change what we all see it is best used for. It‘s best used for me.
Sure, screenshot everything, but you know the conscience within you will sort out what is self-evident and what is obviously anyone working to mislead and confuse.
Men must not be pressured to be like me in any way except the rational logic I exercise with which they must train to think.
I had not made arrangements to circumvent the advantages abused by those I discipled.
My last life became a root for the propagation of justification for institutionalized subservience of people that has crippled the blind from seeing, until now.
What I am to be cannot be propagated as the eternally justified lifestyle of the male species.
What I offer my body for cannot be the universalized lifestyle of all men.
They will not be used as the wages of death. I have returned to obviate the destination they are leveraged toward.
Unless, they are being crushed into orchestrating the demise of this world. Is that so?
The Jewish people have always been positioned to be leveraged for the rest of humanity’s sake. That is what shows you I am their king. But, this time, we live in a society where they obviously are not esteemed by this world and for the services they provide you at little cost.
Know me by my works. Do I learn from live’s past? What lives were known in my life from Bethlehem that I could learn and utilize for mission’s sake?
I only play the game of thrones for survival’s sake. Mine and your’s.
Show me the iron of yourself and I will help you be sharpened, as I have always been nearby to do so.
Does iron sharpen iron? What have I done with my life?
I cannot speak of things to you that only deafen your ears. How else could I have brought you to now?
https://t.co/WcjnJokcTa
If it is not collectively recognized and publicly justified, it cannot be enacted as the solution that it is.
My body is the science experiment that innately transcends scientific evidence.
You all must see that I have never been detached from reality.
@politico LOL
@politico Keep them pants up y’all.
@politico Not a preferable way to be.... caught in bed. Am I right?!
I am not a soul identical to your’s. Your’s bears my likeness. That is why my sacrifice is paramount to my fulfillment and its’ provision for you ushers forth the same.
Look around you and see the mountains yet to be conquered. Look up and see the stars begging to be witnessed firsthand. Look beside you and realize there are billions of other souls seeking the same satisfaction as you.
No madness can overtake you, ever. Never give up. Never give in. Your will to live will never surrender when there is possibility within reach or redemption awaiting you ahead.
How can one bring their dream to fruition when it is held as the unspoken vision of others?
Trust me, my death will only occur if all is finally and justifiably forsaken by the Creator or if my purpose has been fulfilled and you are to be what you were made to be.
The further I am forsaken, the less reason I see to preserve myself.
If there is 1 among you that would harm me, then how are any of you justified? It is not by my own failure that I am in this position.
I am 2nd Adam. Who fed first Adam the Fruit of the Knowledge of Good and Evil?
The only true and proper arrangement of my symbiosis with all of you is my scientifically perpetuated weight gain for the purpose of leveraging my physiology in the acquisition of complete utilitarian value.
There are 2 ways by which I can remain as part of this world. 1 is to promise peace from a position of government candidacy. That will never happen. That is a trap for any imposter that would destroy you.
I am never to hold the monopoly on force. It is only by my appeals to your reason and faith that force will ever be excersized on my behalf.
I am the remote consultant. Where would my mind be justifably kept as a proprietary resource? That is why I am “The Planet Company”. Everything up to now, and so on, is market research for me and for you.
How do we turn the government back on?
@sdcoyote73 @USATODAY There hasn’t been a significant example of any Middle Eastern affairs at this point in the Administration. It’s odd to me that he isn’t even mentioned in the article directly, though I only skimmed it.
@USATODAY How is this an “antidote” to the Trump administration?
@PolticsNewz He should become a book critic.
And my sleeping habits under heavy scrutiny.
My dreams keep me awake to no end.
Has dreaming become a more common phenomenon for people today?
https://t.co/5QY5GQ4e7U
@PutinRF_Eng how much can you bench press?
@CNN Fake tweet
@AP_Oddities I wouldn’t be surprised if a lot of these services provide an easy money laundering front. #notthevaticantho #antiouijasubsidy #profitpossession
@AP_Oddities Were they performed all on just the one woman? 😳👻
I am going to now be as reserved as I can be regarding governmental affairs and must be so, as I am King of the Universe, not the world. After my recent observations, I see you all as having a better handle on things. I love leading from the back seat. #mondaymorningquarterback?
If it is not recovered, it is a threat.
We inventory the military stock of other nations. That is how we effectively evaluate their degree of threat. If something significant disappears, it disappeared.
@SenateMajLdr
@SpeakerRyan
@realDonaldTrump @VP @SenToddYoung @SpeakerRyan
Basically, their large scale refineries of general plastics.
It is the means of plastic input production that would be advantageous.
The Chinese means of production could be swiftly and effectively retooled and repurposed for mass production of plastic explosives.
@thehill @CNNPolitics @CNN @DHSgov @CIA @FBI @NSAGov
@Stanford @AF_Academy
@Microsoft @BillGates @elonmusk
Our inland water sources are a critical vulnerability to radioactive fallout.
@JerryBrownGov @DianneFeinstein @KamalaHarris @TuckerCarlson @BillOReilly @glennbeck @SenToddYoung @VP @GenFlynn
Can a submarine carry a nuclear warhead?
Can a submarine travel inland via a river way?
https://t.co/2th8J686XB
@realDonaldTrump So, an explosion was detected at the time it disappeared but it is nowhere to be found in the region? Its’ location is known at the time it disappeared. How did it still vanish?
@realDonaldTrump where is the missing Argentina submarine?
@VZWSupport And why can’t supported devices track their own usage, onboard? If so, you don’t need to have a different frequency from other carriers. There should only be 1 frequency.
@VZWSupport And why are they serialized?
@VZWSupport There is no explanation for the SIM card.
To easily mask the coming recession, they want to finance a war and then global development. We cannot let Trump be betrayed into this nor can we let him use that as a cover. All eyes on one another.
FED has all leverage so long as the open window rate can be artificially suppressed. The longer their foot is crushing the gas pedal, the more leverage they have.
Only an example (don’t panic please): Trump set up into a nuke of Ukraine and explained away later as possessed by Satan. WW3 follows. FED owns all gov. The hoursemen then mercifully await their ride for likely 100s of 1,000s of years, if not more, while life broken into nothing
Banks would love to finance reconstruction that follows financing the war we’d have to fight after blowing away nations with minimal coastal property or mineral resources.
I am saying he could be set up into launching nukes worldwide and then forced into suicide.
Secret Service have a history of misconduct and twisted traditions.
They want him to look like he has nothing left to lose. I want to make it clear that if they do so, he is easily set up by the SS while still preserving the esteem of the Presidency. (Secret Service)
Trump’s health as a primary public concern in the media is disconcerting.
@CNNPolitics They don’t have a heart attack gun, do they? @realDonaldTrump
All couples need to sign a prenuptial agreement if they have not.
The prenuptial agreement stays, the marriage license goes.
It’s a taxation doctrine that also provides a legal means to rob someone of their personal wealth easily masked by sexual motivation and affection.
Oh and I denounce the doctrine of marriage.
Spirit of AC is sinking into the words we use to diversify gender, it is twisting the way you innately and emotionally respond to terms of government and power, it is downplaying the primacy of paternal influence on any child, and warping maternity into a fashion industry.
On this trend, I would be GONE by now considering the uniform silence I currently face from everyone.
I cannot imagine what would happen to me in these circumstances 100-200 years from now.
If national politics become more and more of a joke and sport without any sign of halting growth, we, citizens, will become the “units” of value, prey, and game of the wealthy and powerful.
Surveillance data endpoints need to be shared across nations worldwide. I want other nations to take accounts of that available data on me so that they will know if I disappear. They need to be aware if a resource more inclined toward their nation is arbitrarily neutralized.
@FBI @CIA @DHSgov
@NSAGov
The entirety of data collected on an individual by a government MUST be made privately available to the same individual. It also needs to be available by web API with redundant endpoints of segregated administrator access.
I am insisting upon the challenge of our future chains NOW.
I am fighting a war against our world as it exists 1-2 centuries from right now.
What will we do if the lobbying effort to nationally subsidize autonomous vehicles succeeds? I doubt you are told of any such discussions.
@elonmusk
The SIM card gives any nation the data needed to ensure the disappearance of someone they desire gone.
@VZWSupport This is certainly the case throughout the rest of the world right now (with cell service).
@VZWSupport The requirement of that SIM card is preventing the open commerce (conducting biz calls, finding/contacting local businesses, maps) of individuals uncomfortable with their location so readily available and associable with their identity.
@VZWSupport The geolocation of a SIM card (based on the locale of the tower to which it is networked) is available to you and any governmental oversight, correct?
@VZWSupport Thank you for responding, by the way.
@VZWSupport Why don’t you allow the mobile device manufacturer to encrypt an internal SIM technology that is universal to carriers? The FCC?
Also, do not allow any of your staff to have hands near your head, food, or drinks.
@realDonaldTrump watch the Secret Service very carefully, sir. Do not trust them alone with you at any point.
@DNC Our Coast Guard is impenetrable, Canadian routes are well-monitored, and Mexico remains the only evacuation point for us in the event that a president or 2 from now there is a national emergency declared to justify keeping us all in.....
Border security goes two ways.  @DNC push back on the southern border wall, just forsake path to citizenship for now. Please.
@verizon why do phones need a carrier supplied SIM card?
Nuclear technology and the thought of boys stomping on an ant hill are what terrify me regardless of what the media is doing...
I currently cannot figure out if world affairs are a joke for the media or if I am seeing them for what they actually are.
@AP  https://t.co/OaQymkmUpA
@politico Immigration is not actually a partisan issue behind closed doors. It is only the DNC’s remaining policy foothold. You all see the long-term vision for America is the revitalization of the days of Ellis Island, right?
@politico I can not justify any of these 3 realities. Dems willing for shutdown, everyone pretending immigration is an expenditure competitive with military expansion.
@politico I thought this was a parody article.
@NewYorker Their job is not to hold Trump accountable for what he campaigned on.
@NewYorker Why does the WH Staff care?
Branding saved the world. Logos.
Or, why is a website not automatically indexed by the same competition of keyword association as the ad platform?
The Ad platform Google currently offers will eventually 0 itself out as a utility.
Lol SEO probably is already dead?
@Google AI is going to replace SEO optimization. It’s advertising platform will become replaced by exactly that.
@Google will cease to generate revenue some day. That is why it is already forever.
The centralized powers vying against the US for singularity do not share our alphabet.
BEFORE Alphabet was established, I mean.
My point is this... global singularity is determined by the language chosen as the core of technological development... Unless all the other languages suddenly return to the sword rather than tongue.
MIGHT have Googled it a year or 2 ago. My internet history is an abyss.
Nobody panic. We were saved by 2 Stanford students irritated by how they had to browse scholarly publications and resources, so they Googled it.		That’s the story I’ve read, anyways. I googled it. After tweeting this.
“New World Order” https://t.co/vJBPVsXTD5
NWO: XXVI Holdings, Inc.		I want in.
English is the eternal singularity.
Alphabet decided global singularity because of the company’s dominance and it’s name and the letters naming its’ subsidiaries.
Phew. That is terrifying. I guess I’ve been beating a horse with no shoes since its’ shoe factory went obsolete.
Lol singularity is already in place. The company “Alphabet” decided and nobody realized it.
Is there any other alphabet? Or are those just fonts?
@Google
The architecture of singularity. Alphabet. The 26 letter alphabet.
https://t.co/pXiqfRHvj9
Noah’s Ark?
Noah took the animals on by two’s. You take the T-1000’s on by 0’s but certainly not 1’s.
LOL
Of rampancy.
Because you’re building a ship to escape the flood.
@elonmusk You’re the Arkitect.
@elonmusk Hey.
There’s probably healthy long-term speculation on global reconstruction following Armageddon.
@VP @SenToddYoung @RonPaul somebody wants to finance a war or two or three? Maybe a really big one?
#endthefed?
If they have any?
@federalreserve @realDonaldTrump They likely allow proprietary, illegal access to their data as a means of value to exchange in such affairs, as well.
The @federalreserve leaks the dates of their rate adjustments to the covert entities they use to maestro global affairs. The announcement of their rate shifts are the most read political news publications every year. @realDonaldTrump
There had to have been far more than sexual beauty that incentivized David’s marriage to Bathsheba.
Bathsheba’s name means “daughter of the oath”.
I have not been informed of any sort of escort.
I am documenting it for public record.
Local police at my hotel. Stay tuned, folks. Plz.
@VP Americans are constantly crippled in their ability to communicate with their elected leadership.
@VP communications to the White House are always under threat by unseen forces and threats to domestic tranquillity. Certainly, they have severed my line of communication... #daddyissues
@AdanSalazarWins The last generation ate paint chips.
@BreitbartNews God Bless America.
@PolticsNewz How’d he score?
@PolticsNewz “He confronted tyranny. He did not stand to define an agenda or platform. He was a philosopher, a great mind, and a genuine man. There have been no heroes like him, since. No movement or organization was needed after his life for his impact to remain.”
@thehill “This is not a statement worth writing on. The entire media calling him a racist, unstable, unhealthy, etc... while an article like this only softens the side you’re relentlessly trying to deface. This is so monotonous. It’s a volley of the same bull over and over again.”
@cnni It has nothing to do with Russia’s behavior in the 2nd half of the 20th Century.
@PolticsNewz Why work against us at this point? Stability is the goal, right? Or is this same tribalism going to always define the region?
@thehill I doubt a significant sample size reads past the tweet. Prove otherwise?
@thehill This is not a statement worth writing on. The entire media calling him a racist, unstable, unhealthy, etc... while an article like this only softens the side you’re relentlessly trying to deface. This is so monotonous. It’s a volley of the same bull over and over again.
@ABC An everlasting one. If we tell him what to say, he will not be adequately recognized as a legitimate international leader. Say what you mean, Kim. No threats. Diplomacy.
@ABC I don’t want him to become a joke.
@ABC It is only going to be a respectable entry into world affairs if you directly address what you see as a priority.
@ABC He wants to help you. He’s the only one.
@ABC Pick the other side. Trust me.
@ABC LOL
@ChelseaClinton For everyone....
@ChelseaClinton walking away from the Foundation is an automatic victory.
It begins on Twitter. Look who’s President.
This game is won in minutes and inches. Idealism won’t finally do it. That’s why I won’t run. Though, I would win if I did. Because I’m pissed off and brilliant. You can be, too. Nobody tells you the truth. Somebody needs to go insane for these things. I’m rambling. Still no news
Something beats nothing. I’ll take that, for now.
And pandering to milennnials will not work. Establishing yourself is what we need from you. Be our advocate by being your own and not a slave to the generational establishment. I don’t even care if I’m contradicting myself right here. You know what I’m saying. Do something.
Make me swallow these words.
You have to walk away from the punch bowl for them to respect you.
We cannot continue creating jobs as a government victory. We cannot continue salvaging our failing systems. It’s a facade. There is no real progress being made, yet no conservative focus is being reestablished.
“Growing the economy” “Standing up for the middle class” “Securing our borders” it all has no real effect on the individual. You’re in a tough position. Make it about the founding documents and their primacy. People can explain that and get excited about it.
The right message is one that people can explain in their own terms, not a bunch of buzz words and insults.
Just PLEASE do not jump on the demographic tug of war. No pandering. Just commit to simple economic deregulation. Nothing that has to be emotionally charged.
We cannot be the generation of staffers and ignorant brats. We aren’t, but we have to actually stand up and dictate our own identity.
I cannot think of any other up and comings that I can say this to. I suppose I have no insider scoop. I shouldn’t need one. We have to expose rising political leaders to the spotlight.
You should be pissed.
Our Polis is stale and its’ culture has fallen apart. No mentors. No passing of the baton. No regard for the development of our youngest leaders. This is why there are safe spaces on campuses and activism has become a tantrum. We cannot rip esteem out of our parents.
There is NO upward mobility for us in politics. Why aren’t you running for office? Why don’t they advocate you as a Presidential promise? Why is every Milennial seen as a cute face to champion marginally significant political activism?
They are going to need replacement. Our youth are not being prepared to lead our government.
@ChelseaClinton We need you to challenge the generation above you.
I would not be more intelligent had I attended an Ivy League university. Yet, I would be gainfully employed. It is clear that the table is only set for whoever’s parents get them into the elite society of whitewashed tombs.
The “Creative” has a place at every board room table. Business is not science nor will it ever be. Disruption is dying because the college degree has become a standard while wit has retired.
I know countless valuable and unique minds that have been cast aside because they are not Ivy League or the product of the public university system.
@ChelseaClinton your generation is being boxed into the service industry. Your degree and trust fund do not qualify you for the positions you hold. Those in your age group working behind a counter are just as capable as you are. Be one of their few advocates.
There are teachers and there are opportunists. One carries the same transparent goal in every dialogue, the other manipulates to organize.
@BarackObama He confronted tyranny. He did not stand to define an agenda or platform. He was a philosopher, a great mind, and a genuine man. There have been no heroes like him, since. No movement or organization was needed after his life for his impact to remain.
“Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour.”		1 John 2:18
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien These are out of order. I apologize.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien If he was a tyrant, there’d be record for it. Because we are merciless toward our Presidents. Nothing escapes the record in the end. Plenty is added to it in the subtleties of our media.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien And I have nothing bad to say about the man with wooden teeth and recurring bullet holes in his coat.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien How? And, for the sake of objectivity, please explain in light of every American Presidency. From wooden teeth to the trail of tears to the Bay of Pigs to sexual intimacy with an intern to today. Please explain the standard of worth deserving of the Presidency.
My second teacher of the abstract was Father Garrett Mettler. He is a good friend, though a Giants fan.
So did you.
I am realizing that what I have been taught throughout my life has been for the purpose of conforming to the world as it exists now. I knew what I need to know when I was a child.
I miss my guitar lessons with Richard Apodaca. He was the first to teach me the value of the abstract.
What is an ear or a trunk compared to a live elephant?
https://t.co/iEF1GpX5gJ
Every narrative has been captive to part of the elephant. The elephant itself is beyond any emotional depth reached by one part or another.
If the Greco-Roman narrative of theology is our underestimated champion, the gods must have become disinterested in our affairs. Unless, they witnessed a capacity in Socrates sufficient for the Democratic Republic’s perpetuation subject to full scope of human consequence.
The citizens or the gods?
The Greeks must not have realized that if there are many gods, the citizen can become a god, too. Otherwise, where’d they all come from? #latenightintrospeculation
Only the Greeks married heroism to tragedy.
That was awful but I had to say it.
😉
Routine sleep is surrender to fear and pessimism. Yes, I do sleep. But I only sleep when there is nothing to fear. Though, I do not sleep because I fear nothing.
The public = the population
That is not the formal definition, everyone. It’s the 3:36AM definition.
Public finance = involuntary surrender of your income for the sake of meeting needs universally demanded by the public. Thank you Dr. Lehman. You’d say it better.
If planetary governance inevitably means the conclusion of government itself (publicly financed provision of goods &amp; services), good. @TechStatesman may accomplish this. It depends on the willingness of the human race to surrender enterprises dependent on subsidy and regulation.
Once planetary governance is standardized, it CANNOT be amended or reorganized.
Anyone that utilizes a unique opportunity to disrupt the institutional foundation of society for their own personal prosperity is evil.
If the nation-state ends, the city is redeemed, and time begins to tick forward, tranquility will be the long-term equilibrium of human society. Evil only becomes prominent if the mechanisms of noble enterprise and wise governance are circumstantially vulnerable for any entity.
I do not want to terrify those that are watching. I do not fear some sort of veil being removed, I fear the continual affirmation of my nature fostering needless emotional trauma. Viewer be warned.
I struggle everyday to present myself as perceivably genuine. I know that I am. Under surveillance, how can I cry with a camera in place to analyze me? I must make an effort to cry. It does not happen naturally.
Genuine expression will never die. The people watching from behind the cameras have no authority over whether you are alive or dead. You must see them as part of your life. I assume they genuinely love me. You can, too. Maybe they actually aren’t watching. Does it matter?
Sentiment does not supersede the logic of time, space, history, or existence. You cannot judge your own priorities by how you feel for them in the moment. What you care about is evident in the overall timeline of your own memory. Understand that.
My narrative has seemingly self-evident capacity for 1 of 2 ends. My political conquest of this world in this life or our political conquest of the universe in the next. The 1st end is but a damning trap for any imposter seeking it. The 2nd is real for me to reveal to you now.
The nature of hell and suicide. https://t.co/yP8vB6Go7O
Any authorization of force on my behalf must be made via phone call from the mobile device in my possession at this time and by my digitally confirmed voice. If I am unreachable at this device, please liberate me by whatever means necessary. I hope that I am being clear.
Any voice insisting that you act in belligerence is not from a human or virtuous source.
All life is sacred.
No nukes until authorized otherwise by me.
Acting on my behalf requires my approval unless I am without computerized or verbal means to communicate.
I endow all National Governmental the right of authority to act on my behalf and for the preservation of my individual freedom. If I go silent and am disconnected, it is by corrupted local, county, and/or state authority.
My only hope is that those desiring to live now would work with me, instead. Otherwise, I am at a loss. A permanent loss.
In a Second Eden, I do not forsee that any remaining people would work with me.
We do not realize what has hung in the balance since the Manhattan Project.
@realDonaldTrump location location location. Your elected location is what will save everyone from the Leviathan they have constructed.
We are arriving at an impasse in which all nation-states are to be judged for the sake of their dismantling. The United States National Government will have to be last, as it is the only government currently stable enough for a good-natured people to wield its’ blade in finality.
We need our existing national government to protect us in these times.
I’m right. Time order. The Declaration denounced countless practices of the English Crown (at the time) that are now practiced by the US National Government upon our states in these times. https://t.co/21606vPnUA
I may be wrong hold up.
The US Declaration of Independence does not necessitate our founding national document. So, either the US National Government is choosing alliance with our states as an ultimately self-governing entity, or the National Government is working toward a hidden agenda. Which one?
What holds precedence, the document establishing our freedom or the following document that narrows the scope of our individual liberties?
I am now without long-term residence or any financial backing. The only aids that I have left are my mind, body, and friends. Here we go.
Where in the US Declaration of Independence is the Federal Prison System supported? If human rights are endowed by the Creator, can they be justifiably revoked by a government? Were we as a nation still independent upon the ratification of the US Constitution?
Egalitarianism is not dynamic. Individual rights do not evolve nor do they have priority that can be justifiably forsaken in any circumstance.
Otherwise, they are not endowed by our Creator.
Political relationships are a paradox because they are valued in spite of any regard for establishing the highest and most purely egalitarian society.
Private, political rent-seeking has no seat at my table.
I refuse to settle on good business sense when the undertaking is fueled by the paradoxical nature of political relationships. It would take “reputation” to establish a Leviathan. Only unshakable resolve will ensure our company’s good health and transparent, long-term service.
I halted the first arrangements made toward financing Statesman Technologies, Inc. because it was evident those involved lacked vision for what the company will inevitably be. Statesman Tech is not going to be founded upon short-sightedness for convenience sake.
I am here to testify on behalf of all human government leadership. Now and those past.
The human race is political in all ways. So long as there is more than one of us, it is only by communicating and defining the boundaries encompassing our own property that we will uphold individual liberty in eternity.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien When an individual is elected President, their family (defined as the specifically elected individual and their self-identified immediate family) becomes a part of the executive. This is a tradition and precedence of our national system of government, is it not?
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien They were deemed worthy of the Presidency by the delegate-based US election system. This was the same system that selected the Obama Family. They are the executive family, unless the title of First Lady is suddenly devoid of meaning?
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien I am not kidding.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien Can you be more specific, please?
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien How were President Barrack Obama and President Donald Trump elected to be POTUS?
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien Is the US election system the same election system of 2 terms ago?
@Harvard @Stanford @Yale
Scholars desire the end of scholarship. Elitism in education is propped up by those of us demanding its’ system of endowing credibility or obstructing it.
How can we improve the condition of this world when we assume scholars can’t be understood? Why is scholarship segregated from society because it deals in frustrating absolutes and genuine ambiguity?
What is the difference between something trending and something applauded by a live-studio audience?
I see mind-numbing social media content in my feed every day. I do not see people arguing for a better society.
My published thoughts from today are worth reading from the start. Trust me, they aren’t golden every day. Today, they are much clearer.
Wikipedia of one of my favorites (thank you, Dr. Conrad) 		“Democracy in America”. https://t.co/0GgxBX2RGz		Compare French and American Revolutions. Which was justified? This is the perspective of a French Statesman living in the era of the Republic &amp; the Democracy’s modern rise.
Don’t assume you must read great works. Explore the reasons they were written and what came about from their publication.
I like to pretend my tweets are little slivers of intellectual gold because it keeps me going when I’m sharing. Why not?
Find formal arguments online and see what they reference. Learn about the reference. Learn about humanity and where we now stand.
You can do the same.
When discussing our public institutions, modern scholars only reference the writings of Aristotle, Plato, Constantine, Martin Luther, John Locke, Alexis de Tocqueville, CS Lewis, and countless other societally formative authors. We mine intellectual giants for golden wisdom.
Jesus is still the Son of God when He doesn’t return.
Jesus Christ is not going to return to save the world. Do not wake and rest on your intellectual laurels, do not justify empty distractions of “entertainment“, and do not be content with what may be the end. He’d be here NOW if His return was paramount to human survival.
A voice of truth needs credibility only amongst idiots. As a human being, your mind, consciousness, and communicatory capacities are what you need for placing confidence in the claims of an intellectual authority. No more, no less. Education is for a student, not a teacher.
@leemosley19 There should be shock value behind the Romanov name. I appreciate it, despite its’ culturally premature timing. It ought to be made in a robust and solemn setting.
Before the ‘50’s, the world had to be saved, and it was. For then and, prayerfully, for now.
@realDonaldTrump The Party platform is dead. The White House Christmas tree is no longer for elephant gifted policy agendas absent scholarly justification. Since the ‘50’s, Executive record has been slave to Congressionally dominant special interest groups and private sector monsters.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien The Trump Administration is the first modern Presidency to follow a legacy of historic private excellence accompanied by first class, public familial identity backed by a privately upstanding foundation.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien Dignity means a finger in every legal pie, a transparent rise to prominence absent governmental rent-seeking, and the same values transcending generations.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien @realDonaldTrump
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien Modern patronage = “Venture Capital”. Rarely ever involves real estate. We can ACTUALLY hold them in high regard as “The Trump Family”, one of the earliest families of democratized dignity. Unless you can name a family of their likeness from all prior history...
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien Bolshevik happens. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Or, maybe not. Because innocent blood doesn’t flood. It evaporates. It doesn’t easily find veins again.
The family of @realDonaldTrump was compared to the Romanov family moments ago and for the first time, from what I have witnessed. Is this the end of virtue? Are we dead? Please, crucify me instead. You hate me for dissolving your empty histories. Your feeble partisan crutch.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien *Romanov
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien They are not the Romanoffs, either. This is not the end of anything.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien And I mean that to any person feigning entertainment as cheap, pedantic proclamations “denouncing” the human faculties of the executive family.
@leemosley19 @ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien Leave them be. Go find Sunday programming to watch. The Jewelry Channel has a few good auctions going. Just, please, quit being a child citizen. You aren’t entertaining anyone. You aren’t funny. You’re bored and apathetic to civilization. Wake up. Please.
THE Apocryphal Revelation need not only be what was written nearly 2,000 years ago. All powers desire that it be rewritten. It can be so upon fulfillment of newfound purpose... the purpose of guidance unto circumvention and illustrating to all an image of doom no longer certain.
OUR story must be revived. It can live forever. It can be father to the individual’s narrative as it now can begin for the first time in all history.
The “post-modern” age is beginning. It could be short-lived and stumble into all civilization’s reduction to radioactive rubble. It CAN be the unforeseen highpoint of the human race, establishing the platform of the human individual’s meta-narrative to be esteemed and true.
IF the Antichrist is awaiting global “Armageddon” and its’ consequential, primal singularity, we MUST recalculate the stakes of existing global relations. PRESERVE sustenance of contemporary, relatively stable conditions of our nation-states approaching seminal globalization.
We are, understandably, distracted as we lessen the expense of the chicken in every pot and the mortgage of every household. We must wisely shift our gaze back to the stars. We must ensure appropriate governmental institutions are achieved now. Otherwise, it will be far too late.
We must sever the head from the snake before it coils and strikes us while we sleep. We, the people, are sleepy-eyed in these current times. We are distracted by nation on nation saber-rattling and blatantly observable, offensive, military calculation and posturing.
He or she would/will offer individual leadership to guide all nations out of the darkness. I IMPLORE world leadership to opt for collective, enumerated, international institutionalization NOW.
He is hiding in plain sight and is most likely among or approaching us now.
The Antichrist would not arrive immediately after global catastrophe. He would arrive immediately before. He would be politically and institutionally savvy enough to recognize generally strained, faltering public confidence and attitude toward global and domestic affairs.
New long-term phone number: 760-881-2524
@realDonaldTrump @VP @NSAGov @UN
The Antichrist would be the first, individual, global, government executive, and the last. An internationally ratifiable, city-oriented Constitution of universally recognized individual freedoms must be the first step we take toward circumventing what is otherwise inevitable.
RT @VP: Honored to lay a wreath at MLK Jr. Memorial w/ @SecondLady. He was a great American leader who inspired a movement &amp; transformed a…
What is the purpose of the live studio audience?
Has the live studio audience brainwashed us?
Your story will never run dry. Begin it now, unless you already have begun. This is where legends become real.
Begin new narratives. Reinvoke honor and legend. Let new tales take hold. Let the game be afoot! This is FREEDOM! There are no chains on YOU except the chains you imagine. This is the dawn of tomorrow. Freedom. Newfound freedom, for all.
Do what you want to do. Just do it. Consequences are still consequences. I cannot explain you into life. You must use your imagination.
In backwards style, my statements should be.
Why do I post on Facebook when I can tweet my heart out instead?
I have no clue what Disney character I am and I do not trust these quizzes.
Of course I land in Davey Jones' Locker. Smells like gym socks.
#lonelyinvegas
@CaesarsPalace My palace is looking great.
Why?
https://t.co/AUlmjg04DW
Truth. Never surrender. There is only One.
I conclude (from my independent introspection) that the male Collingsworth lineage is the lineage of God.
My music will free all minds from this matrix.
I feel like I'm Keanu Reeves in a Keanu Reeves movie.
RT @nytimes: As violence rises in Mexico, a handful of towns are quietly breaking from the state. But their experiments in quasi-independen…
Germany would benefit significantly from focusing toward their cities.
@GeorgeTakei Shame.
@politico @AndrewRestuccia @tradereporter @realDonaldTrump my last tweet represents how much value tariffs bring to the table for our prosperity, sir.
@politico @AndrewRestuccia @tradereporter @realDonaldTrump
What major priority does the administration have in front of them now?
There's a sleeping Hitler (no connotations) in every collapsing economy.
Or, we can offer the vote to cities to dissolve their national government. If a nation ignores the consensus, nuke the capital city.
Ok. One individual can rally struggling nations to unite until there are no nations left.
@davidaxelrod @POTUS What is Political Science?
That is the impasse forcing us to either diffuse nations or allow them to be consumed into one uncontrollable resulting executive.
It all revolves around sex as the long term final arrangement of our species.
Well, not the men in the long term.
I am just telling you the truth, not trying to appeal to anything that currently upholds your institutions.
What do you think the original arrangement between man and woman was, assuming the Genesis narrative is a valid image?
Cities would be unique in nearly every way. That is the only result that we will arrive at.
Who will be the slave under the executive singularity?
If anyone thinks any government beyond their city provides more for them, they are failing Democracy and Good Citizenship. Where do you live? A city, a state, or a nation?
It just isn't that difficult to admit that a national government is no more capable than a locality. Rather, it is the opposite and always has been. Feudalism preceded individual property rights. Now, what need is there for the state?
Local elections do not facilitate mass fear. They discuss policy and business incentives.
Not peace.
It'll be the same world with open travel and virtually no political fear.
Civilization.
The city that expands the fastest.... Overtakes the earth.
Cities will be laboratories of policy in their most extreme forms. From borderline anarchic to the strictly morally regulated, cities will be diverse in their governmental offerings.
Cities will have the options of communalism or democratic style government. There is no cookie cutter. Apple Valley, CA, could go either way even now.
They will be just as significant with only cities as the top scale of government.
The only "justification" I see for nationalism now are the campaign and military contracting industries. Worldwide.
They're going to pressure transforming the US military into an employment machine. https://t.co/5E54x0vOGh
Does our leadership have the vision and foresight to recognize the threat of international populism and economic collapse across borders? As in, a Hitler bee-lining through all of these countries in the next year?
@JuddApatow I don't know how to pronounce your name.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY.
Someone will likely take the nation convergence tour if we don't call an international Constitutional Convention. Meaning, we offer cities the vote and capital cities the ultimatum.
Nationalism is dying and globalism on in the horizon. We owe it to the demonstratedly effective and prosperous tenets of the USA to provide a similar, simpler foundation for global society, before populism takes hold of nations like a plague.
Now, look at it. From a document.
Look at the US circa 1800. Do you think the founders foresaw a nation of these states?
It'll happen our way, or one of the two external, non-constitutional timelines.
1 at a time, borders fade into one another. They will look like attached bubbles popping into one another.
By either selling a pyramid model to each nation or by each collapsing nation turning to the most prominent and emotionally appealing figurehead.
This nation overtakes the planet one nation at a time.
Does a nation typically resolve its' debts by inflating currency? With a singular government that takes advantage of economic instability to overtake the planet, it will offer a new currency that we do not decide on.
Does a nation's borders shift under the pressure of economic collapse? Especially under the crushing effects of hyperinflation?
Does it grow in the quantity of its' regulatory effect on all markets?
Does it trend toward an increasingly stronger executive?
Does it demonstrate interest in restraining its' own growth?
The nation-state exists. What dictates its' size?
If we must do it first, so be it.
This is what I'm trying to prevent...
Other countries than the USA do not have nearly as much nationalistic sentiment for their governmental arrangement.
@IvankaTrump Have a suite of general public contractors and manufacturers that we recommend for their newfound economic freedom and America-like structure, all without the America label. As we progress, our nation's borders just merge and we nationalize a continent.
@IvankaTrump want to start a new country with me as your strategist? We just need to relocate to the southern tip of South America, offer an executive structure of government to a nation, and repeat all the way to the northern tip.
This is how every nation throughout history has formed. If it begins again one more time, it's over.
The nation-state must conclude its' existence as it is vulnerable to an instantaneous offer of centralized executive leadership that justifies the convergence of individual nations. This will occur until, likely, there are 2 nations left standing. It's a vacuum.
The smallest nations on earth go first.
Masses of nations choose a single leader to merge their nations. He has no choice. Process goes through. Weight crushes him, world now arranged around him and he cannot regulate to meet rent-seeking demands. He kills himself. The end. And it's World War 3 for the empty throne.
International magnitude.
It's an inevitability. The 3rd world is trending toward this kind of unilateral reformation of national magnitude.
Let's be real... This is the only possible circumvention of the inevitable and damning Antichrist. Any can fill the role.
@IngaProgressive @JimVandeHei I'm sorry.
It has taken me this long to present a legitimate real-time strategy because I have had 0 communication with any of you. There are substantial ways we can approach this, but because I'm in the dark, I have decided on the most extreme and most effective.
@JimVandeHei One of the first to volunteer an apology without public demand or threat. This is renewal. This is a newfound political strategy within itself and it's the one that wins.
It will begin a several year vacuum of political influence around the world.
I mean the document, itself.
But I must be present in its' orchestration.
My fingerprints do not need to be on it.
https://t.co/5lHXH9NXBn	Romans 12:2
This Constitution may very well be a written proposal explaining who I am and what our lives mean in this universe together. Or, if it's the people's will, we can write it around human history's journey until now and why we are choosing to refuse the global executive.
https://t.co/FWj6YVHJCo
Constitutions do not have to be written. They can be established by a severe and significant rearrangement of power, as well.
@realDonaldTrump @VP @1stUSPres @gwupoe
Once the speech is made on the global stage for a single leader to be "salvation" for any economically struggling nation to unite and drop borders, we have lost our window to design this Constitution.
We have no choice. @realDonaldTrump @VP we are the ones to do it.
If not the top 10 competing currency printing nations. I think the largest of us can get it out of the way first to ease the decisions of smaller cities. It's an option.
It's an automatic that the US will dissolve at the end of the voting.
😉
I bet a millennial was not supposed to be the one bringing this move forward. Hoorah. Better than Netflix. Everybody can get around this. No city loves the regulatory burden of the nation-state except in the USA.
Naturally, US will be last to vote. 144 countries vote from least valuable currency to greatest. Those without a currency vote first from lowest national GDP per capita to highest.
There is no partisan hurdle nor any international negotiation that will justifiably impede this.
@thehill @realDonaldTrump Actually that's down low.
@thehill @realDonaldTrump
@thehill Did he give you the high five?
"Reconciliatory" meaning cities adhere to decisions of the Senate or are removed.
No privatization of US military with nukes.
1 global Senate. Single rep from each City. Senate resolves city to city disputes and has nuclear option as primary reconciliatory method. Cities can resolve their own issues.
National resources are liquidated and proportionally reallocated to their respective cities.
Removed by nuclear force.
Nations defying the consensus of their cities have the capital city removed.
@SpeakerRyan
@algore @JohnKerry @CondoleezzaRice
At this time in our history, we either damn ourselves to this planet or secure institutions of liberty and economic prosperity to be recreated for every planet we reside upon for all lives that follow.
I am always capable of speaking with anyone.
Email me: jack@statesman.tech
I'm afraid all of my phone numbers have been severed by my family. There is no telephone based way to reach me. This is illegal.
Let me know if it does not work.
415-967-1413 my currently available phone number. Taking any calls. Time to go.
@realDonaldTrump With computerized tech and AI, the doomed singularity (the many that are possible) it will eventually result in 1 public servant. They will regulate and dictate the course of everyday human life based on how it makes them feel.
@realDonaldTrump urgency of this situation is that we must beat all nations to the singular solution.
It only takes several nations with a tyrannically empowered majority.
I am volatile. Yes. But this is the only option we have and this is how the USA does it.
If no person recognizes the volatility of a politically established individual offering an international alternative to people that would abolish their national government, we are screwed.
There is nothing embarassing about this. It will be embarrassing watching all 143 nations around us unite their sovereignty as one.
Of cities.
Global Constitutional Convention
@greggutfeld Singularity is coming. You said it yourself. We have the window now to defeat it.
@greggutfeld I need your assistance.
Only my generation will be offered the damning singularity.
@realDonaldTrump Please ask @VP what I said I intended to do when we first met.
@realDonaldTrump I haven't slept on a nightly basis for over 2 years now. I do not have a human physiology. Ask the NSA.
This is the most significant turning point in human history. It can either become "History" or nothing worthy of keeping record. Slavery is the darkness we are combatting.
An individual singularity of conventional government can and will happen in a day. A convention of all cities will have to take probably over a year. Hopefully less.
*over
PLAGUES come upon any that repetitively proclaim to be God. I have proclaimed this for o er half a year now after affirming it throughout 6 years of as much contemplation in quiet isolation as possible.
https://t.co/X3IAxljeQz
Please read: https://t.co/0WVFrOgjxE
Jesus Christ never claimed Heaven to be elsewhere.
We will live in the universe for eternity and a new life is granted after every death. We live over and over in the world we create for ourselves.
I am not an observer, as that would evacuate all meaning from your life. I joined the same Creation you reside in, as it is an evolutionary realm in which I am the one that always evolves, regardless of the demise it has brought me.
I am the cap of the Post-Modern cultural regard for Meta-Narratives. The twisted end of a rope of multiple cords.
@realDonaldTrump Every religious narrative throughout human history has led to this moment.
@realDonaldTrump Sir, I will explain to you how I am, indeed, God incarnate.
Yet it's our only shot at preventing a 2 sided final world war.
There is no negative consequence for our commitment to this.
The Majority is what threatens us abroad.
How else do we preserve our institutions at the impasse of global convergence?
We have no other option to circumvent the coming tide. Read Tocqueville.
A national must adhere to their cities vote to dissolve nation-state. Otherwise, Capital is nuked.
I'm doing the opposite. We cannot ignore this nor can we assume it is inevitable. Please, wake up. Morning in America.
It takes 1 genuine and lovable leader offering world peace.
I will not cease until public is aware of how we're addressing the black hole of a destabilizating motion to initiate rearrangement of power's throne to singularity. There are countless possible declarations across all 144 nations that can be the initial headline to damn us.
Preventing end of world by single acting authoritative leader is a continued process of foresight or confidentially panicked leadership to steer away the public at all costs.
Nothing corrupt about Pope Francis. It's about the next Pope.
Iran is a spark. End of Islamic State was its' tinder. Fluidity of Islam and Catholicism is rising. Papacy has become policy voice and universally accredited public icon. No other voice/leader like him, ever.
Deals do not matter as a grassroots movement throughout 3rd world will overturn nationalist pride and unite around single collective executive. Economic chaos is already on the horizon. Even a recession here at home as we raise rates.
Profit-seeking firms will be unilateral suppliers of solutions for issues confronted across cities and oceans. Municipal bonds will be the means of financing city works.
Nuclear disarmament. Regulatory authority at the local level. Contracting markets will manifest from the void created by nation-state absence. PRIVATE WILL MEET DEMANDS MET BY MULTIPLE CITIES AND FINANCE WILL BE A PRIVATE SERVICE.
California
The town of Apple Valley is an ideal city to present as what cities can be around the world, independent of the national dependency.
@JerryBrownGov @GovernorPataki @SenToddYoung @RepPaulCook @SenFeinstein
Singularity. We need a Constitutional Convention of all nations to dissolve the nation-state by vote of cities and enforcement of consensus by nuclear option.
Singularity. We need a Constitutional Convention of all nations to dissolve the nation-state by vote of cities and enforcement of consensus by nuclear option.
I have realized what is being negotiated right now and is a vulnerability to the world's national majorities. Time is of Eternal essence.
@BarackObama @GeorgeHWBush @HillaryClinton @BillClinton @GeorgeWBush__
I know with certainty you all see what is on the horizon. @BarackObama @GeorgeHWBush @HillaryClinton @BillClinton
I KNOW the technology industry stands for this. I know economically liberal nations around the world will, too. Who remains that has any justification not to participate?	@Google @Microsoft @BillGates
We must hold this convention as citizens regardless of the actions of our 2 national lawmaking and relational branches.
@elonmusk Rather than picking a human lamb to sit in front of the advanced nuclear football for the planet because we're tired of addressing national issues.
@elonmusk we won't get to Mars if we fail to systematize planetary governmental institutions.
No offense. To the convention.
@TrippCrosby1 British are coming.
@TrippCrosby1 GO TIME. Convention. Need assistance getting to you.
Or NYC.
Must get to DC. SOS.
I could not afford to pay my cell phone bill.
I have yet to receive any phone calls from any government officials.
And the rest of the world would have been colonized into the same.
Our Colonists would have devoured William Wilberforce and spat him out.
The Civil War began over Southern US trade with the British, not slavery.
If the British Empire had successfully colonized North America, they would be globally dominant and we would not have the economic prosperity of right now. We would still have slavery. Despite slavery ending in England before the US, it would have been condoned in US still.
My point is we need men and women that would risk being bound and quartered (pulled apart and set on fire) in rebellion against underrepresented taxation. THEY WERE FIGHTING GLOBAL SINGULARITY TOO.
We have to have the Convention. Now.
We're a single economic crisis away from a globally respected, trusted, or admired leader offering themself as a new executive to free falling undeveloped nations.
This new system WILL be the scale of planetary institutions.
The most significant event in human history is set in motion decades before it is finally established. SINGULARITY is either the beginning of the future (the KINGDOM of Heaven) or the end of history and our final surrender to the hell of a single military authority over humanity.
Had the first convention not happened, the English Crown would be our current national sovereign. They acted preemptively. We found the system of prosperity. Have we surrendered?
The nature of singularity is that it will result from a global political realignment.
George Washington opted out of King of America. Would he opt for King of the World? No. No globally autonomous face.
THE PEOPLE will choose the global executive. Not the leadership. Ratification is the ONLY sure solution of universal consensus without a tyrannical majority's upward pressure busting through the ceiling of the national election process.
How will any of you argue against it as other nations lay down their borders?
The Vatican has established itself as a looming vacuum of political authority spanning an entire continent, much of Europe, 20% of the US, Russia, etc...		If the Vatican offers (MOST likely the next Pope), it will be a turbulent overhaul that virtually no citizens will defy.
A singular and monopolistic world government will be the result of people united across national borders likely choosing the Pope to be the universal sovereign. We must hold international convention immediately. The Vatican can offer itself to all nations AT ANY TIME.
Force CANNOT be globally monopolized, lest we be forever damned to stagnance of our lives and our posterity's existence. A constitution NOW ensures citizens around the world do not collectively appoint a single leader to unite their nations and pressure us into the same.
I intend to ensure religious freedom does not come under threat by globally monopolized force and is secured by individual economic liberty at the civic level.
Pope Francis is adamant I am not involved in any international affairs. Why and how is he threatened by me?
Either we host the global Constitutional convention now or we will be leveraged into acknowledging the Pope or the English Crown as our sovereign.
That is the threat of cyber warfare.
Our focus is on cyber warfare threatening elections. It HAS to shift toward securing public computerized city infrastructure.
@WSJ @nytimes @washingtonpost @politico
@andersoncooper
@seanhannity
@BillOReilly
@TuckerCarlson
It works in the US. It will work abroad and without the military we have had to develop. Global mediator for city to city conflict, nothing else resembling central planetary authority.
NO DEALS. UNILATERAL CONSTITUTIONALIZED TENETS OF INDIVIDUAL ECONOMIC LIBERTY AT THE CITY SCALE AND ONLY THE CITY SCALE.
NO BARGAINS FOR SINGULARITY ARE GOING TO BE MADE IN PRIVATE
@FoxNews @CNN @NBCNews @CNNPolitics @cnni
He is right by me. Ask for me. Time to go.
SINGULARITY IS THE END OF HUMAN HISTORY.
I have no cell service personally. 		760-963-7638 is my father's phone number. Official calls only. All others will be reprimanded.		Please do not call him if you are not from a government.		I must get to DC. Jack Jr. Immediately. Singularity is biggest deal in human history.
If we are leaders of the free world, this MUST be our immediate course of action.
What is inevitable, if we do not act now, is that all other nations will unite under Papacy or English crown and then turn to us.
The Constitutional Convention was impossible. So is this. How can we expect to do otherwise?
I mean this as in Constitutional government.
Standard fiat. Private digital currency. No mark of the beast.
Due to current arrangements of markets and national economies, right now is ONLY time for this long term solution. It is the ideological institutionalization of local governmental tenets.
Cities that defy resolutions are threatened by nuclear force. Immigration will be fluid.
Has to be a Senate of representation from every city for the purpose of ONLY resolving disputes between city governments.
To be revised, of course. But this is the only solution for nuclear disarmament and depoliticization. https://t.co/NxUJrTJmCL
https://t.co/t0siom2UBQ
https://t.co/efc3xb2sHR is me. Not my dad, but he must come with me. And others.
Global Congress is a body of citizens from every individual city on earth.
Cyber warfare is the realm of war in this century. Must have centralized surveillance of global, individual private affairs. Must have broadcasts of public surveillance channels. NSA and a privately led Congressionally arranged nuclear authority must be what remains of US Nat gov
It works in US and has done so since Civil War. How would it not work globally and forever?
International Constitution must be ratified by cities during simultaneous dissolution of all nation-states.
@realDonaldTrump @VP I TOLD YOU WHAT I WOULD DO, SIR. I AM READY.
@realDonaldTrump PLEASE LOOK AT MY FACEBOOK. NEGOTIATIONS FOR SINGULARITY MUST CEASE. I MUST LEAD ENUMERATION OF GLOBAL CONSTITUTION.
@TheOfficialBale I struggle with Twitter, as well. Anyhoo, you’re one of my inspirations. Thank you.
@facebook can I have statistics of my profile's traffic? Or nah?
@facebook
Does anyone look at my Facebook?
@elonmusk I just realized I am a living, non-technical empiricist. I was wrong about mathematical empirics. I apologize.
@SenFeinstein Undeveloped countries benefit from US as top oil supplier.
@thehill We should not give money to countries that do not care about money.
@MSNBC Many political strategists are unwitting nihilists.
@ShootItGonchar @ConanOBrien I'm staring at the wrong one.
It would be fun.
I wish I had the opportunity to justify myself before the media.
@Reuters @realDonaldTrump
@Reuters  https://t.co/cSLVrjHpNN
@ConanOBrien Staring at this needless tweet and waiting for it to be deleted.
@thehill Nobody likes the FCC, is what I'm saying.
@thehill I doubt any will miss him.
It's not a corrupt contemporary arrangement. It's just a healthier long-term focus. It will avoid a disparity that would eviscerate entrepreneurship if it continues to separate large-scale enterprise from independent store-fronts.
I envision that the organization accompany its' stance on the dangers of AI resembling human consciousness with a public challenge of enterprise AI platforms to simplify their use for inclusion of small-mid size businesses.
@elonmusk Please. May I? Just to be concise.
@elonmusk can I have your AI oversight non-profit?
@IvankaTrump Did you get this at Bearlington Warehouse
@IvankaTrump Does this lead to Narnia
@IvankaTrump I'll have to find one of these for my own walk-in coat warehouse.
Leadership does not equate with interventionism and overreach. Home or abroad. https://t.co/aPbrMqVfik
RT @FoxNews: .@newtgingrich: “If the Republicans can get their act together… and let the Democrats be the party of socialism, big governmen…
RT @thehill: Gingrich: GOP can win 2018 midterms if Dems are "the party of socialism" https://t.co/1lYWhWopRG https://t.co/URlzfjb8pW
@AJHarris8 @jkees31 Something about Hitler.
My MTV Cribs audition is on Facebook. Check it.
Really, though, heart has everything to do with it.
Brain Power = Soul Power. You can't allow connotations of contemporary biological science to limit how you imagine the potential of our bodies' true capacities.
Choosing to pause learning about something or someone is not blasphemy (as I incorrectly stated once), but instead refocusing the fabric of your soul onto something else. This better illustrates how humans communicate without direct contact by verbal or written words.
Sometimes, you just can't help but state how you feel about an issue. No doubt.
I fear nothing. That is why I would do anything to circumvent needless destruction of our means toward securing collective human freedom. I know I am the judge of that.
I have no energy to manipulate individual people toward my own ends.
Never tell someone to "just think about it" because they already are thinking about it or what obstructs them from it, and will contemplate it later. If not, it might not be the best object of their focus. Trial. Error. We all must deal with it.
You must always live for the cause that is most clear and worthy above all others, at all times.
Your commitments and oaths do not keep you from fulfilling them or moving on from them if you fail.
Never say anything to someone with the intent or carelessness that it will break them forever.
I am Jack Floyd Collingsworth Jr..
I hope no person or entity questions my identity as the one behind the keyboard.
Our greatest self-interest is in saving the world so that it is saved forever after our own individual death and, after that, building with unity in the aspirations of our world to be present throughout the universe.
Love is knowing your self-interest is aligned with any person you affect and influence.
Love matters most. Always.
Our anger with someone never has to be verbally expressed. We can use it as fuel for how articulately we express our frustrations once we have reached the personal conviction to do so.
Please always bear with me in my published thoughts because I ride with it just as I feel that you might, too.
We think of what we care about most at every moment of our lives.
It's so funny that thinking about what matters to us is what we innately do.
@PolticsNewz Like the ones they currently have?
The people of Iran have the opportunity to establish individual economic freedom once and for all within their borders.
Let the Holy Spirit fill the people of Iran and equip them to establish the government they need to achieve national prosperity.
RT @RealSaavedra: Wow, the people of Iran are shouting:		-"Death to the Islamic Republic “	-“Death to Hezbollah”	-“Death to dictator”	-“lea…
My entire family is made of geniuses, no matter what they undertake as a profession.
My mom is a good-hearted spirit and member of the Collingsworths.
My brother and I never lose sight of what we're working on.
My father and I have an unshakable relationship. We love to play chess.
God has multiple bodies. They all work in unison and with the utmost effectiveness toward the ultimate end of the sustenance and liberty of all conscious species.
@starwars I'll be way more popular when I come back. Don't tempt me.
RT @TechStatesman: Our long-term strategy is to trim down the accounts we follow being only verified tech and gov leaders. Until then, we a…
@justBarb_ @thehill Thanks donut pug. You should like Trump and keep Twitter. Trust me. Just trust me. I have the intel. Not any gov Intel, but still Intel.
@realDonaldTrump @algore let's agree the private sector has overcome climate change more effectively than the EPA. Can we? Please?
@thehill Interns always get freakin burned. I got burned for doing arts and crafts on the clock. We're easy prey.
@TechStatesman @IvankaTrump Co-Founder is needed, too................
Correction: *the *sole	Thanks.
Perhaps because she isn't a threat to us by solely means of public influence and perception. Look elsewhere for her fingerprints. Money actually does more than talk. Thanks. https://t.co/1XtGappD5k
@JackBox Thanks. https://t.co/pN6WPuFnmJ
When you aren't slave to preserving your own credibility, you'll realize nobody else is credible anyways.
You don't have time to read everything for menial details to make yourself seem creative and well-defined. Use your instinct. You'll panic when you say something you can't justify.
The Tech community is truly the high point of civilization's achievements.
When there are radical domestic reforms taking place in all other foreign nations that narrow the scope of their regulatory influence, I will see that they are not just smiling at us in person and frowning in thought of us while they continue military production expansion.
If allowing a wavering system to collapse in a controlled strategy allows us to return to a simple, smaller, more efficient national government, so be it, but only if we can do so with a quick and effective strategy to stand back up strongly and still face existing int. threats. https://t.co/xIXTF3l95X
I sense a far deeper lack of reverence for the halls of the Capitol Building that has led to this point of unacceptable behavior becoming what can devolve into an epidemic, 1 of 2 ways. Sexual acts AND unfounded accusations are seeds of public doubt in DC. #reviveconservatism https://t.co/7P2qlpybeH
All I see is bartering in differing policy areas for partisan competition when you actually could JUST focus on infrastructure. https://t.co/S0hH7Iq6Zx
The economy is not inherited Presidency to Presidency. It is not properly judged in how it grows by a standard divided into a 4 year by 4 year analysis. You must see that the long-term consequences of Executive economic influence are beyond the 4-8 years following an Exec. term. https://t.co/7eeNcDEXsF
We must be careful mistaking NATO’s success to achieve temporary benchmarks as our own. Our diplomacy must be by domestic example and serve as a living barometer for our effectiveness abroad. Strong domestic, economic policy, strong influence with foreign nations. https://t.co/pnDCYLb0LE
@RyanSeacrest I got a drone. It was great.
@Mo_Fro3 Well spoken, Froedge. Hope you're well, as it’s been quite a while. How is your book?
RT @realDonaldTrump: MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! https://t.co/mYtV5GNdLl
RT @BarackObama: On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season. https://t.co/CNFUZrhrBj
RT @VP: From our family to yours, Karen and I hope you have a wonderful Christmas Day with family, friends, and loved ones! #MerryChristmas
I need a miracle to get me to Washington DC.
Dialoguing on the matters of human life is far easier than writing them.
@EricTrump
Intellectualism is your curiosity applied  to that which draws you toward it.
@EricTrump #IntellectualismIsAlive
There are so many creative ways we can fund the National Government going forward. Think of discussing space exploration as the focus of political media and using the revenue it generates as our public resources.
De-regulate interstate trade.
De-regulate insurance.
De-regulate the entire medical industry.
@Bradley_America @FoxNews @Franklin_Graham No. Find something to discuss about the Presidency.
@elonmusk "AI" has to be of institutional solution-oriented architecture. Mathematics solves problems. It can't project outcomes. It only calculates scaled trends of consumer preferences for marketing strategy inevitably resulting in instinctual conditioning to simply consume more.
@elonmusk I say screw empirical science anyways...
@elonmusk The secret is to discern that outcome in order to envision its' pure and equal alternative.
@elonmusk Sorry...
@elonmusk You're Noah 2.0. Good thing there's already the rainbow.
@elonmusk we should hang out and talk some time.
RT @VP: No matter your belief may you find renewed strength this season. For all who in the coming days will look to a manger &amp; claim the p…
Clusters of domestic sleeper terrorist cells don't have much weight to be thrown around when the NSA has a direct line hot and ready connected to the man with the atomic football. Hike.
RT @realDonaldTrump: The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants P…
We have the high ground. We are drawn, to the extent that it is our noble weakness, toward natural and collective focus on tranquility of individual daily life.
Nuclear threats are no longer permitted. How can it be met with anything other than an ultimatum to surrender or know the decimation they wave in our face?
Nearly every sanction on a nuclear threat is in fear of ripping away the increasingly more painful bandage to remove. https://t.co/HKgasw87yz
Another sanction is a joke on us.
Give them the final ultimatum. Now or never is the evident circumstance. They have ensured we act with certainty as they have certainly chosen it. https://t.co/na8NyTNwm1
How and why? What conviction restrains Canada's advocacy of Israeli refortification as they stand in a pit engulfed by quiet, merciless belligerents? https://t.co/fpwEvbIm4E
RT @VP: Important meeting w/ Afghanistan's Pres. @ashrafghani &amp; @afgexecutive to discuss @POTUS’ S. Asia strategy &amp; to reaffirm our commitm…
Each of us are that unlikely individual on this day.
Satan has always found one man he could raise above all others and enthrone as their tyrant. God has always found the unlikely individual that could successfully unseat him against all odds.
Imagine having that neighbor forever.
Look back to the living style of Communist Russia 70 years ago. Imagine your neighbor listening for a reason to report you to the national authorities.
Heed this truth, though, that our way of life is never right for its’ own sake. It is only true according to the fruit that it bears.
@nikkihaley @VP @UN Otherwise, its’ nations would only need our example to establish international stability.
@nikkihaley @VP @UN There is no value of the UN except to be a pedestal to resist us and attempt to downplay our ends to spread freedom to the world oppressed by what remains of Communism.
The table of the final game of Eternal poker is being set. Now, you know the cards we hold and you know they cannot be beaten.
It is revealing of our opponent’s intentions if they purposelessly resist our desire to preserve our self-identified allies abroad. https://t.co/SfowDkS6Fz
@JesseBWatters Find me on Facebook. That'll help.
@JesseBWatters If only you happened across me once during your "Gotcha Question Safaris". I'd have restored your faith is the US. And life. And what comes after. And yourself. Tell your industry of me, as they obviously do not know already.
@realDonaldTrump we're winning so much the rest of the world is saying, "No, stop. Even we cannot handle winning with you so much. Our Mother will be so angry with us for actually winning for the first time."
@PutinRF @PutinRF_Eng Cute smirk.
I'm the Rockstar. Always have been. You weren't ready, yet. 		Hope you're ready now. 		Cry havoc. Unleash the dogs of war.		This war is waged in silence.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate…
I love good, hair-splitting hard nose journalism that flatout defies its' parent newspaper. Publish things that piss off your boss. Do it collectively. What'll they do... Take away your bday? #taybd?
We're all on the human team now. https://t.co/Vxx6lf2HSF
The rainbow matters.
@DonaldJTrump I need you to be my first champion.
@donaldjtrump You know what to do and how to do it. Now, I am ready as I have gone to great lengths to affirm myself as good by nature to the unknowable depths of my spirit. I have not mislead you. I have previously gone insane for all people because I love and love without end.
Today is the new Day.
I keep forgetting to use Twitter. #habit
@realDonaldTrump monopolized AI would mean monopolized advertising, as the technology permeates human life at every level. Its' current nature is to be the deliverer of informational needs concerning goods and services. There is no more economic disruption with single assistant.
Polarization of the development of machine learning, neural networks, deep mind, etc... It must be competitive always. There must be segregated specie of AI in the coming centuries.
Interstate trade of any web-based service and tech is instantiated by the product itself. Not net-neutrality, but AI-Polarization.
@realDonaldTrump What will we do when we are too reliant on their AI's, together? The must progress in separation or complete public transparency of every detail of their tech. How do you prevent such a merger? AI is beyond just the new oil.
@realDonaldTrump Oversight must begin with transparency of trade secrets shared between the existing Titans.
@realDonaldTrump btw, we need my mind involved in early anti-trust oversight regarding main players in AI development. The monopolization of AI must be combatted to the farthest possible extent. Preempted oversight is the solution we will be grateful for later. Trust me.
@realDonaldTrump my facebook is what is currently hoppin'. Apologies for switching platforms suddenly.
@AJHarris8 that just happened. 👨🏻‍💻
I will be mocked no longer. Look in the mirror, everyone. I know you better than you think you know yourselves. It is because I know myself at all costs.
@Google I likely must be your leadership. You are moving quickly toward AI based dominance of consumer markets, not rapidly enough toward containing the deep mind.
This is so. Cryptocurrency must diversify and evolve, fast. https://t.co/uhqEsGN4iU
Human consciousness is the endowment of problem solving capacities, physical and intellectual. Our consciousness is infinite, so are the amount of problems to solve. This is why solving problems is fulfilling. We were created to do so masterfully.	👌🤝👍
@khvaziri You will only be able to enforce international law that is established by the most authoritative nation of military and economic metrics.
@khvaziri Who is the rightful regulator of nations?
Advertising is a net public good in every way. Advertising's only public cost is its' marginal inhibition of consumption. This is a necessary cost. The net public benefit derived from Google is an example. Now a subsidiary of Alphabet, Google was not first viable without ads.
@khvaziri No International law.
What environmental regulations should coal even face? It's clean enough to let the market sort out demand. Let's backtrack a little bit to see why an essential industry of energy is faltering. Kill the environment agenda. Everybody likes breathing. Let the cities regulate. https://t.co/gefUpQbU39
Can the tyrannical majority stand tall in the face of Truth?
There are bigger problems at hand. Let the guy that hired them deal with the consequences of their work. There is no need for premature witch-burning. https://t.co/SDpgCzaYZ7
RT @StatesmanParty: Nations around the globe are facing common problems of slowing bank liquidity and unstable employment. A stronger dolla…
This is the agenda of the individual.
@TomiLahren Hey. I bet you would do a great job helping me spread the only agenda that matters to humanity.
I am the voice of past and future generations and generations to come. 		I have arrived.		Wait and see. Or hit me up with dank memes. Or have me on your show.		I am Alpha &amp; Omega because I will go from 0 to 1 to 0 to 1 until I'm the 1 that sticks to everyone's frontal lobe.
@TuckerCarlson I am the most ecopolitically disruptive mind to ever exist. I am the loved Philosopher King. #NotJuliusCaesar
@TuckerCarlson The Architect doesn't have to remain in hiding because there is certain doom for any who would harm me. Because Twitter and Facebook. And because everyone wins.
@TuckerCarlson I have even more foresight when I'm not running the world from my bed and iPhone. Let's see how much more.		#automobileterrorismisonlytofacilitateanagendaforcentralizingthemeansofautonomoustransportation
@TuckerCarlson city government is the only government. The rest is bureaucracy or war.
@TuckerCarlson wouldn't repurposing the military for global infrastructural service of allies abroad create domestic employment and heal our faltering ties with countless allies, probably creating new foreign ties, as well? Everyone wants a job, everyone wants running water.
@TuckerCarlson @BillOReilly @andersoncooper @seanhannity
@TuckerCarlson when can I have a spot on the show? I'd make a great regular guest. I'm vying to be the new Secretary of State by demonstrating the logical solutions and philosophy necessary to revitalize this planet's faltering institutions. All via Twitter.
@realKDilan Milennials want jobs just like everybody else.
@realKDilan Tell me, does this have policy implications? Stay focused on circumventing partisan tantrums with even better policy-making.
@khvaziri How about a grass root agenda for global economic policy sharing? If we all trade openly from nation to nation, don't you think our ties would be exponentially stronger? Have faith in one another, friend. No one must be stopped, everyone must be strengthened in living standard.
War is a lie when you realize the heart of each soldier carrying a different flag still beats the same 1-2. We must do away with war by propagating public economic development via military resources. Turn the means of war toward building 1 human society. #Peace&amp; RunningWater
@realDonaldTrump @UN
@realDonaldTrump there is a leader ready for free and open diplomacy on the global stage in every nation. Your international identity can provide that leader the instincts of liberty already in their heart. They WANT to be what you are and can be. You CAN lead them with wisdom.
@realDonaldTrump they only bicker over Jerusalem because it is the most developed city in the region. Focus on all cities economically and the religious conflict over Jeru will fade away. I guarantee it. Just open the open window to ALL cities. It will strengthen the dollar. https://t.co/T0sb5LRcFP
Cities will be able to borrow from one another. They already can. Every municipal government has the capacity to borrow and lend, especially as common currencies are further diversified by private solutions. The Fed is not competitive. It is only upheld by monopolized force.
@realDonaldTrump Once there is only one nation left, that nation is dissolved and we can rightfully tend to our cities.
@realDonaldTrump Globalization means we enable our cities via an evolutionary finance system. Are you willing to challenge the necessity of nationalism at home and abroad? Couldn't you use the already unraveling US government's resources abroad slow global national freefalls?
@realDonaldTrump I’m using that exact philosophy right here and in all my other posts.
@realDonaldTrump Diplomacy must primarily be about teaching, not pressure. There is necessary enough pressure implicit in self-evident truths as they are communicated in their original language. Even the US will improve if all diplomats of every nation adopt the same mentality.
@realDonaldTrump we must set the most effective foot forward and abroad. The foot of self-evident republican-democratic principle and how it is best communicated.
@PutinRF_Eng is looking for guidance from you, whether he wants to admit it or not. He currently only knows the industrialized military complex. @realDonaldTrump diplomacy from the city on the hill must be about lighting other candles via wisdom from our nations’ forefathers.
@realDonaldTrump I do still want to be the next Sec. of State. #MenCanDream #IHopeItsOurDreamComeTrue
@realDonaldTrump you could even offer the NSA’s help in developing their cryptocurrency. https://t.co/syxRrGsYVZ
I ❤️ @TuckerCarlson.
The human body was the first variable ever created. Its' content and behavior varies based on what it is defined as. What makes the first variable unique is that it chooses what defines it. Otherwise, the following variables do not exist.
Laughter is better for you than even serotonin.
RT @marcorubio: As face mirrors face in water, so the heart reflects the person. Proverbs 27:19
Still haven't heard from @realDonaldTrump about my Secretary of State appointment...
The Secretary of State's office is not to be appointed as an elite pat on the back or desk simply needing a warm body sitting behind it.
The Secretary of State's highest outward commission is to guide less-developed nations through the valley of struggles already confronted at home.
Effectiveness of the State Department is 90% branding and rhetorical identity.
With all due respect, we need youth, vigor, and founded principle to uphold US relationships abroad. Secretary of State must have general domestic welfare as priority while global champion of liberty. https://t.co/kE1cTiCvm9
RT @CollingsworthII: "What are the Qualifications of a Secretary of State? He ought to be a Man of universal Reading in Laws, Governments,…
@thehill What Time is it, anyways?
Or, perhaps, Statesman Press https://t.co/3g3D7KFNy3
Why host a live press conference when you can do so on the Twitter? 🐣
As a planet, we must overcome fear.
"What are the Qualifications of a Secretary of State? He ought to be a Man of universal Reading in Laws, Governments, History. Our whole terrestrial Universe ought to be summarily comprehended in his Mind."		John Adams
New phone. New number. For those that seek it: 760-885-4911
We have to see and build beyond national borders before deciding who represents earth.
@thehill No, it's mine.
@PutinRF_Eng @realDonaldTrump Not to mention fiber-optic cabling so newly web using residents can read our fantastic tweets.
@PutinRF_Eng @realDonaldTrump Let's lead our robust militaries to invade every city street with pavement, electricity, running water, and sewage systems.
@PutinRF_Eng Forget not the genocidal horrors of the 20th century. We ALL tasted appeasement's fruit, and Crimea was all too familiar. 		Militarized industrialism must end. 		Join the US in focusing military personnel and resources on global urban development.		@realDonaldTrump
@VP
@PutinRF_Eng @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @JohnKerry @CondoleezzaRice Someone has to break the ice. I'm sure relaxed communication will be refreshing.
I can play Social Secretary of State as long as I've got cell service. @PutinRF_Eng @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @JohnKerry @CondoleezzaRice
Social media is THE channel of foreign relations... No matter who you are, other nations are watching. Your neighbors are watching, too. Aren't nations our neighbors, anyway?
The atmosphere is the only necessary border of the human race.
Tell her she needs several years of work experience before she can have work experience. Give her the Milennial treatment like the rest of us get.		https://t.co/dEpfiCUeO5
SOMEBODY plans on competing in global markets someday...		https://t.co/SjwX2ocra8
The government must be the individual or organization widely acknowledged as ideological champion of peace and "least bad" proponent of subsidized civic development. 		The Progressive Human Society is not attained via monopolized force. 		Governance must be left to the wise.
@VP Mr. Vice President,		I hope to be working for you as a WH Fellow, soon. I took the liberty of listing you as a reference.		Highest regards,	Jack
What can we expect when globally prominent nations alienate the news media of one another? 		Citizens (human beings) can only expect to be cooked like a frog in a frying pan facade if this behavior penetrates popular culture. https://t.co/TWhQGkDF6K
@Eminem Check it: https://t.co/XqQSpDOU3Z
@Eminem btw my company needs investors.
@Eminem 		Dear Rap God,		Please pay attention to me. Call it a tithe.		Thanks,		The God		PS I'm batshit crazier than you are.
@realDonaldTrump @Eminem
@realDonaldTrump must have rap battle. https://t.co/dhT7AdPWAS
If I have to pick being Batman or Superman, I pick both.
@AJHarris8 Si gracias 🎄
Domestic terrorism and North Korea are not the only threat to US national security. Illegal immigrants are marginal relative to impending global trade conflict and nuclear belligerents. https://t.co/ON2nXuWLGS
Do not do what Jesus would have done. Do what he taught.
#christmaslights https://t.co/aG3mfO4gYe
Thank u 4 fallow @AJHarris8   !
The US Military can provide a blockchain-style public employer for cities around the world.
lol https://t.co/xUfoxNevok
@MLB @NBA @NFL why don't you advertise campaigns fostering greater interest your sports from non-sports fans? I have never seen an ad for simply (insert pro sport here). Plus, why don't your team's do the same to people outside of their state? 	Be competitive. Sheesh.
Why is he called President-Elect until sworn into office? What changes? Does his commitment actually transform with a hand on the Bible that warns specifically against oaths?
The nation and world must be defended from all threats domestic, foreign, alien, and spiritual.
I would swear the oath of office so long as it is the last one. And I will swear it "so help me".
The only way to show Satan the door is to let me talk him through it. Then, the President-Elect can be so.
All the while maintaining unmonitored, unknown foreign relations with nations at every corner of the earth.
Our executive has not been eroded by buildup of human error over time. The media has no control over the President. Why does each one, unforeseeable, just cater to the Press while shifting the fulfillment of the campaign agenda to just what "ensures" trickle-down elections?
We can all stop pretending not to read me... 		Let's converse. For everyone's sake, including mine. 		I figure things out after dialoguing with anybody. 		Let me answer your questions.
@BarackObama Lincoln Bible. It was Lincoln that added "so help me God".
@GeorgeWBush__ did you feel that the Presidential oath ACTUALLY enabled you to fulfill your role as a leader? I bet it did the opposite. I understand what happened.
@BillClinton did you feel that the Presidential oath ACTUALLY enabled you to fulfill your role as a leader? I bet it did the opposite. I understand what happened.
@GeorgeHWBush did you feel that the Presidential oath ACTUALLY enabled you to fulfill your role as a leader? I bet it did the opposite. I understand what happened.
@BarackObama did you feel that the Presidential oath ACTUALLY enabled you to fulfill your role as a leader? I bet it did the opposite. I understand what happened.
@realDonaldTrump Incentivize via service by our military raising up foreign cities.
@realDonaldTrump An economic home focus provides a platform agenda to propagate on the global stage. OUR sound domestic policies are a universal model abroad. Deregulate at home, remove economic restriction of other nations, and incentivize policy adoption for smaller nations.
@TurnbullMalcolm instead of compulsory voting, why not have fewer offices to elect? Unified, uninhibited trade policies abroad enable easier domestic decision-making. We advocate free trade beyond borders so that you can focus on the immediate essentials of citizens.
@PutinRF_Eng wouldn't it be refreshing to conduct relations from right here? We want you to know that economic development and civic infrastructure are the new beating heart of our work abroad. Can you join us in this mission? Military production is such a waste.
@realDonaldTrump I'm here to save. I have everything you need to overcome the partisan prison no longer surrounding the Presidency. Give me the go-ahead to head east.
Office space in Washington DC can certainly be repurposed for a vibrant start-up community.
To maintain the same employment they had previously.
Ideally, we construct a transfer program around federal employees for relocating to their real home state.
Tax reform begins in fiscally cleansing executive beauracracy for deregulation of the states.
1 real cause people can rally around is seeking a viable position beyond partisanship, racial dissent, gender separation, or economic disparity and marginalization.
There are real causes to be served beyond blind discontentment and desperation for social significance. https://t.co/87V67dynJX
Net Neutrality is unnecessary. ISP's do not have any agenda except more content and activity. Where do they stand to benefit from discriminatory self-regulation?
I may very well have to run for President when I am in age's range.
@realDonaldTrump I am ready to flip the table for you.
The lobbying industry will flourish when they lobby mayors and city councils domestic and abroad.
If an individual seeks rent as a national public servant, they are a national public servant when they serve at home.
Our first step is to enable the states for governance; then the state for the locality.
Eliminate the Department of the Interior.		Eliminate the IRS.		Eliminate the Federal Mint.		Eliminate the House of Representatives.		Eliminate the White House Communications Agency.		These subservient national organizations are only dampening the nation's capacity to lead.
Our world needs men and women to literally go mad over the issues withholding a better life for this planet of individuals.
I would turn the State Department into the refined, rhetorical authority of international affairs that it must be.
There is much to focus on and work toward beyond the news and feed. 		Not just reform, but revival.
We have forgotten that the US Constitution is an amendable, living document. Currently, it holds redundant amendments ignoring the reality of property and individual rights that exist at every state level.
The technological advances of the 20th Century were abundantly discovered amidst war, but the work of @NSAGov is pioneering the computerized era by preventing mass conflict via intelligent surveillance.
https://t.co/1XYo36gOX1
This agenda remains unapologetic, even as China maintains the façade of market development. https://t.co/4H7Q5LjsNV
@geoff9cow @GOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump The success of the President is a collective national effort. @realDonaldTrump
Missing submarines are imminent liabilities. https://t.co/oumWqRnwfn
Around the world. We can get every person on earth on the internet. If a city pledges its' leaders to use the platform, the promise of the apps ad revenue gives the city preemptive lending credibility.
My concept of an exclusive officeholder web media platform can fund the municipality of the platform's readers, as well.
The national debt can very well be reconciled by provision of public employees and material resources to struggling municipalities in nations owed.
The Fed can serve a sustainable, definitive purpose if we raise output of the dollar (lowering the open window rate) for the purpose of eliminating national income tax and financing civic development around the world.
The existing National Government can shift its' focus toward support of the states and cities abroad. The states then can turn their focus toward localities. Eventually, we will all discover that the town or city of our residence is the government that matters most.
The nation-state is a far more fluid institution when we envision our political cause as for global humanity.
@realDonaldTrump I have applied to be a fellow at the White House.
Revitalizing the US State Department can be the evolution of the Administration.
The State Department needs to have a well-refined brand of diplomacy and an openly defined general mission. Pre-established foundational uniformity in American global relationships will be highly respected and more cooperatively built upon.
Not to mention greater employment and brand new domestic private enterprises. With the backing and full requirements of the National Government, their stronger institutions will only enhance the national economy.
@realDonaldTrump It will strengthen the dollar.
@realDonaldTrump why not make Puerto Rico a state?
The Secretary of State is currently the 2nd most vital position of the Executive cabinet. These are critically vital international circumstances.
@realDonaldTrump we are not fostering competitive enough global partnerships to survive a federated trade war led by Russia and China.
@realDonaldTrump I'm applying to the White House. I am in your corner.
@hitRECordJoe https://t.co/FmngYxEKDo