Sign the Petition https://t.co/kOWI9PSmro via @Change	Help us apply appropriate  and sustained pressure to the Pinellas County Sheiff until he arrest Michael Drejka for the murder of Black man, Markeis McGlocton.
@JasonM_KVUE heart broken
https://t.co/NPXJRfLLH9
@Thooorin @Rockprincess818 I feel your pain bro. But it is not that drastic, is it? Those of us that love truth and justice must tell ourselves that failue is not an opiton. If intollerance and hatred of the other wins the day then our democracy fails. So what  are your ideas about how we can win?
I am with you Congress woman Maxine Waters. But, can you please reclaim the moral high ground?
Now is not the time for partisan bickering when the political foundations of this democracy are being systemattically dismantled. We say that America is excptional, prove it! Come together now. A house divided against itself wil not be able to stand.
The Supreme Court and the Congress have acquiesced to the bluster of the President's racialized popularism. Now, America only has one branch of government, the The Trump Branch.
#Roseanne is a tree that has grown up &amp; flourished in the soil of America. Remember that an intolerant tree or a racist tree can't flourish in the soil of justice. Something's wrong w/the soil. #RosanneBarr #acacianvillage
Why are we surprised about Roseanne Bar?  She is a known quanity. Always has been. #Roseanne #RosanneBarr #acacianvillage
America is divided along racial, economic and ideolgical lines. At this moment in time we need a Uniter in Chief not a Divider in Chief. I respectfully implore you, Mr. President, to help us build bridges and not walls between our fellow Americans.
The Waffle House shooting was a hate crime and an act of terrorism. The shooter was a white male and the victims were all minorities: three African Americans and one Hispanic individual.  I'll be watching to see how this crime is prosecuted.
Weapons of war have no place in the hands of civilians. Killing people is not a sport and the AR15 is not a video controller. It is an instrument of death #saveourchlidrennow.
What sese does it make to build around ourselves so that I children can work within that wall to kill each other.  This is utter madness! #saveourchildrennow
Its ironic that we have enough firepower to save the world but we can not/ will not save our own children.  Pox on our houses for this #Savethechildrennow.
The state of our union is deeply divided.
The greatest honor that we can give our veterans is to treasure this nation they gave everything to protect and to preserve. Waring with each other for inane reasons and divding ourselves into mindless partisan camps squanders the treasure of freedom purchased with their blood.
The greatest threat that we in 2018 is not North Korea, not China, not Russia, not even Isis, but rather it is us. We are the mortal threat that lurks within. 	We are too distrusting and too disrespectful of our fellow countrymen for no valid reason at all.
My New Years prayer: Dear Lord deliver us from partisan, racial and cultural blindness so that we may see each other as fellow human beings and fellow Americans and not as mere objects that we live to oppose. #uniteAmerica
2018 will be a critical year for America. Either we will defeat our  mindless addiction to political partisanship and rise together, or we will implode and crumble into the heap pile of history along with other past great empires
It does not take courage to stand up for the wrong thing.
2017 was the year that America declared war on itself. One thing is for certain if we don't end this foolishness  quickly all Americans will be big losers. #uniteAmerica
A proper blend of faith, family and friends are the key indgredients to a fulfilled life. All other pursuits and concerns have very little lasting value.
After every  national election this country has an opportunity to work together or to pull further apart. Lately we have done the latter and rejected the former. This story will not have a happy ending.
The God of heaven wil be strenght to the weak, power for the powerless and a voice for the voiceless.
Man sues Orlando nearly 10 years after incident with police https://t.co/TVhGdlir4i via @WFTV
The true enemies of State are those that elevate party over principle and politics over people. #MakeAmericagreat
When citizens, true patriots, elevate principle over partisanship, the nation is lifted up. Thank you Alabama for showing the rest of us in America what it really takes to make America Great.
@repjohnlewis Amen!
What are we doing to ourselves America? I hope the thoughts that haunt me are wrong, but I am afraid we are on the road to another civil war.This time not North v. South, not Black v. White, but liberals v. conservatives.This is dangerous people, we are the greatest threat to us.
@GrizzleMeister @MooreSenate You are write to be concerned about unborn babies, but do you also care about the babies after they are born? Do you care about poor Black babies, Hispanic babies and Asian babies and school age children. What have you done, not said, to demonstrate  your concern?
@SiddonsDan This seems like partisan hate and not so subtle racism. What is your motivation for posting this doctored photo?
Partisans are intentionally eroding the crediblity of the criminal justice system for purley political reasons. They think they will be able to restore our trust later.  But, this is an erroneous and dangerous calculation. Once it is broken we may not be able to fix it.
RT @Clyburn: RT if you agree that middle class families shouldn’t suffer while the millionaires &amp; billionaires are given more tax breaks. #…
@NMAAHC @repjohnlewis @POTUS History in embracing destiny
@repjohnlewis I will sir. I will. You are an inspiration to us all.  Walking the walk, not just talking the talk.
@1776Stonewall @realDonaldTrump President Trump began to fall out of favor with Black people when he called for the death penalty for the five young Black men in New York that were falsely accussed of rape. Then, he really destroyed his credibility when he questioned President Obama's American citizenship.
@clubodaddy @REALtrumpbureau I say thank the Lord no one was seriously injured but him.
@DiamondandSilk What are you talking about?
@sandc94 @BastrainStrain @DiamondandSilk @POTUS In my humble opinion they are disconnected from what it means to be people of color in the Uniteds States. They are blinded by the pursuit of temporary and tainted celebrity. But, history will be unkind to them if they do not make a course correction.
@BillOReilly I dont support everything that BLM does, However, a wise man once said that your enemy is not always wrong and your freinds are not always right. You are a very intelligent man. You know that there are times when BLM raise valid concerns but you are throwing red meat to your base
@BillOReilly I agree that Americans should not listen to partisan foolishness, but that means that we should not watch FOX or MSNBC. These are two extreme ends of the political spectrum. Both are pushing a partisan message. Neitehr is interested in getting to what is actually true.
@dreamon000 @BastrainStrain Christine try to see the world through something other than a partisan lens. Maybe you can try independent thought.There is nothing possitive that is accomplish by dividing Americans into two antithetical camps: liberals and conservatives. Are we not all Americans? #unitedwestand
What is sad is that you are remarkably uniformed. And you allow yourselves to be  tools for partisan politics. You serve your financial intererst well but, I wonder what your hometown thinks  about where your loyalties lie? It is really sad that you are so disconnected from us. https://t.co/kzRKPgMlr0
When Blacks criticize the police our patriotism is questioned. But conservatives are permitted to assail the character of the FBI, the premier police agency in the world. No one is upset.? Perhaps there is only a prophibition against Blacks voicing our opinions in this democracy.
Thank you for believing in yourself and by extension, believing in all of us. You showed us what is possible. https://t.co/LGVClN8rB4
Wayne the NAACP's actions reflect the attitudes of Black people in general.  The Black community, obiviously not you, is largley suspcious of the President's intentions toward us. The postions he's taken, i.e demonizing black voters, are antithetical to Black political progress. https://t.co/zaHfxK3bVX
Please study American history.  It is a historical fact that conservatives were once largely Democrats. At the time that the Repbulican party was formed the Democratic party was violently opposed to freeing African Americans from slavery. This is a historical fact. https://t.co/UZ8haDK9hi
This is partially true. At the time the Repbulicans freed the slaves they were the liberals and the conservative were Democrats. The one thing that has been consistent is that conservatives have been consisitently on the wrong side of what represented Black poltical progress. https://t.co/svBlJGDkeR
Not stuck on defending the Democrats. if you have followed any of my tweets then you know that I am very much against partisan politics all together. It causes us to diminish, to distrust  and to disrespect our fellow Americans without sufficient cause. This is sure insanity. https://t.co/Y7mz1LCHRP
The best way to know what a person will do is to look at what he has already done. Looking at how Roy Moore has lived his life, do you really think that he is best representative for of your Christian values. https://t.co/G1bzC37QD5
RT @BethanyJuno: R.I.P Sgt.  Joe Louis Peake, US Army 🇺🇸🙏Vietnam Warrior	https://t.co/1NxvccLCdf https://t.co/N0QQCQNJ9g
Your selection of comparative photos is strategic here. It helps to promote a pre-conceived notion that the Obamas were classless.This smells like partisan hate with a trace of racism.Please try to see the world from more than one narrow perspective. You are more than a Repblican https://t.co/ELxBwKo1B6
I genuinely pray for the Presiendent everyday. Do you? If he fails America fails.That is something serial attackers of President Obama seemd to never get. However, I did not support everything President Obama did and I surely do not support everything President Trump is doing. https://t.co/fqQYOYmRMT
Green may be a molester. I dont know. But is it also possible that the President did the things that he bragged about, you know grabbing women by the P...y? If he is to be taken at his word how should true  freedom loving patriots view his admitted actions? https://t.co/UqJxPGJ3TD
Your Navy uniform indicates you are an officer which means you have some formal education. I would hope that you could use that critical thinking that you learned in college to see the world beyond the narrow contrived scope of partisan politics. Can you? https://t.co/fqQYOYmRMT
Democrats are at war with themsellves and Republicans are at war with each other as well.  It seems we are addicted to the notion of being at war. This is insanity. There are real things in this world worth going to war over, but political ideology is not one of them.
Thank you sir for your vision, courage and sacrifice. You put your body on the line for the things that you believed in. You are truly living African American royalty. https://t.co/AhaK1pKVCb
RT @repjohnlewis: Away from the cameras, Congressional Republicans will quietly begin to cut safety net programs to pay for their massive,…
Thank you Rosa for your vision, determination and sacrifice. https://t.co/7AMrmjd8Mt
If race is not a motivating factor for posting this photo of Congresswoman Maxine Waters what is your motivation? Does this make you feel superior to her, better looking than her? What is your point other than to demean her because she is a powerful African American icon? https://t.co/ZRTWFr63Fg
This is cute Ned, but where does this get us? The worthy cause of America is poorly served if either side of the political divide contiunually respond to substantive criticism by personally attacking and demonizing their critics. Attack the argument not the person. #uniteamerica https://t.co/5NWRRTfhAf
Please try to open your mind just a little bit to see beyond the narrow scope of politics. Whether people are inherently good or bad has very little to do with their political party. To be sure, there are very good people and very bad people on both sides of the political divide. https://t.co/2Bri2YyBBL
We are witnessing nothing less than the meltdown of the American political process and system. It is not just a few Congressmen here and there who are being toppled. So many more will have to answer for their past misdeeds. So many more will be exposed. This is a beginning
We have feared for centuries that the observance of the color line in America would be the undoing of America, but it is the ideological line between liberals and conservatives, Democrats and Republicans that will prove to be our undoing. #uniteamerica
What kind of political madnessis this that causes us to hate our fellow Americans just because  they do share our political views? This partisan condition that we suffer from is far more lethal than Isis will ever be. #wakeupamerica #uniteamerica
Help me to understand why boycotting TV-One is a good or bad thing? I'm in the dark on this one. What is Roland calling for? https://t.co/ZOcMKQ8Al9
We need your voice Roland.  Keep finding a way to make our issues heard https://t.co/IlhIC49Dqj
What we all need to do is to take a long hard look at whether we actually value the freedom of political expression. If we only cherish the right of those who agree with us to express their opinions then we disvalue the constiution itself. #wakeupamerica #uniteamerica https://t.co/JEprGtxSat
To all my partisan brothers and sisters, both Democrats and Republicans, do not put your trust in the systems of man. St.Peter tells us,"Neither is there salvation(help) in any other:for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved" (Acts 4:11).
Let's drain the swamp entirely. But, we should know it requires that at least 75% of the Senate and the House, from both parties, resign. Are you ready for that? I am. If you are not ready for that then your are speaking as a mindless partisan. #wakeupamerica #uniteamerica
Sir your suspicion is correct. It is all a matter of gamemanship to both poltical parties. Poltical parties do not possess souls. Therefore, they are not capable of taking stands on principle. It is always about political positioning for them.  #uniteamerica #wakeupamerica https://t.co/EBxaMjXnIp
Our vets desrve better than this. We need to take care of our veterans because they took care of us. #lovveourvets https://t.co/2jReU1Loyo
Hyper partisanship makes it is easy for you to say that President's Trump's looming legal troubles are do to something other than the fact that he has committed crimes. I pray that we all are able to free ourselves from partisan blindness. #wakeupamerica #uniteamerica https://t.co/dhijOJp9ls
Sounds like partisan hate. Be careful, President Trump is just getting started. https://t.co/cEmd4EwVQm
Democrats appear to have the moral high ground by calling for Senator Franken to resign. By doing this they hope to put pressure on the Republicans to reject Roy Moore and by extension to reject President Trump.Do the right thing for the right reason people. #wakeupamerica
Dinesh D'Souza is not in any position to hand out moral prescriptions to America. He abused and exploited the public's trust while holding a position of moral responsiblity. He resigned from Kings College after his aldutrerous relationship was exposed.#resistpoliticalhypocricy
It is important that we resist the pressure of the unseen hand to think of America only in terms of antithetical teams. Everything that our political team does is not right. And everything done by the oppositie team is not wrong. Judge on a case by case basis. #uniteamerica https://t.co/7Q5cw0nbNB
Seems like the Democrats have some splaining to do if they dont call for Al Frankens's resignation. It is no different than the Republican Party holding its nose and embracing Roy Moore so that there will be another R in the US Senate. Both of the guys appear to be unworthy
This appears to be a picture of the President standing at the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem. Maybe he should stay there a little longer to wail for the decadent state of America and for the precarious postion of his fledgling administration. #wakeupamerica https://t.co/BE9bpVA7BO
I agree that this land belongs to all Americans. Maybe other public lands should be re-valuated and opened up to the public, not just the lands designated as national parks by the Obama Administration. # Wakeupamerica https://t.co/KifyAZC7j4
This is the conspiracy and the diversion of the month. A couple of things can be true at the same time. It can be that there are anti Trump FBI agents that need to be removed from the investigation and President Trump is guilty of obstruction at the same time. #wakeupamerica https://t.co/cAxCzRS7hr
Listen up partisans. There is two Americas. One for the very rich and the powerful and one for everyone else.  To think otherwise is to be utterly naive about how the world realy works. #uniteamericaasone
Partisan politics rob us of our very humanity. We are driven by ideogical lines in the sand. We embrace unworthy people who are on our side and we reject, wish the very worst for and even hate our fellow Americans who are on the other side. This is sure insanity. https://t.co/II6Iy4gH2Q
If you boycott the superbowl it will be your loss, not the players. As I see it, the players have the upper hand in the debate.The owners and the advertisers are both driven by one thing: the opportunity to generate billions of dollars. They will not do anything to threaten that. https://t.co/fc6suM1NHU
What were the crimes that President Obama committed? What is your proof other than Sean hannity, Rush or glenn Beck? These sources are unabashed partisan hacks. Please try to free yourself of paritsan hype and partisan thinking. Make the effort to have an independent thought. https://t.co/jUhVLAnHG7
It wasn't racism. She commited a crime. But, this is also a case of selective enforcement of the law. I'm sure that she is not the only Congress person with a slush fund. Whether, the Congress person is white, Black, Asian or Hispanic such behavior must be punished equally. https://t.co/iGXBIIbtKw
Paritsan politcs is causing our leaders  to reject people they should embrace and to ebrace those that they should reject. Robert Mueller is a honorable man that should be embraced by freedom loving Americans. But, Roy Moore is a reporach upon this nation. He should be rejected.
America senselessly divides itself into adversarial groups such as liberals and  conservatives, whites and blacks or the rich and the poor. This will prove to be our national undoing. It is a far greater threat than Russia, Isis or North Korea combined. #uniteamericanow
Trickle Down Trojan Horse Tax Plan revived from the Reagan Era https://t.co/hElMmodBYN
What goes around comes around https://t.co/4obZWEAc0h
Whether you consider yourself a D (Democrat) or a R (Republican) there is no cause for rejoicing in this matter. What this means is that our democracy is loosing. This is evidence of  decay and corruption at the highest level of our government. This goes right to the White House.
Lock her Up? When the wicked,even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell (Psalms 27:2). Be careful about what you wish upon your enemies. It might just happen to you. https://t.co/gSmrr83TAi
Thanks  Mr. President.  We should Give credit where credit is due https://t.co/grm8NZqdeb
We know that ! https://t.co/nELZgoktqp
Sounds like veiled racism. I visited your profile page and noticed that you want to take the country back. Back to what? The days when minorities, might I be more direct, when blacks new there place in America and it was unimaginable to think that a black man could be President? https://t.co/JbcuCOZken
Which do you believe has the greater weight: faith or politics? White Evangelical Christians overwhelmingly support(ed) Donald Trump and now they support Roy Moore? African American Christians overwhelmingly, pressently, support Barac Obama. Race(ism) accounts for the difference. https://t.co/dcKqCZfhIu
In what way do you perceive the white majority, key word,"majortiy", is being extinguished in this county? What mathmatical system are you working with? And would you find it terribly alarming if white people were not the majority population in this country? If so why? https://t.co/uYsJPoasU1
It sounds as though you are attempting to subtly demonize marginalized communities. What is the source of these stats? More, importantly, as a Christian you should keep in mind that we battle not against Democrats or Republicans, but rather, spiritual wickedness in high places. https://t.co/Ty6gsMjpz5
Is the President taking our country back, or is he just taking our country backwards? He seems itnent upon taking us back to a time when women, the poor and African Americans had no meaningful input in this country's political discourse? Sounds like not so subtle racism here. https://t.co/o6DHxhRm8H
What is done in the darkness will come to the light. https://t.co/GTdxJcbfqx
RT @XHNews: Canadian lawmaker Jenny Kwan on Thursday made an open statement in parliament on the Nanjing Massacre and other Japanese atroci…
Jeffry Bouregard Sessions is on a personal mission to criminalize and to utterly demonize the black community. I shouldn't be surprised. There's somehting about his very name that suggest he is hostile to everything that represents black progress and black independent thought. https://t.co/nfb2Mwnexr
Racism is an American sickness.Many in the white majority are infected with situational racism:racism that manifest in certain situations, but all minorites, especially black people and acutely black men are hobbled and hampered by the effects of America's structure of racism.
Come on Brotha Man! https://t.co/Jj4cLshT69
Political parties love to appear to have the moral high ground.In truth,they don't really care about possessing it.The business of governing is too serious for elected officials to engage in endless partisam gamemanship.The truth is there is a darth of morality on both sides.
Rest in peace shipmates. Sorry for your loss family and friends of these fine sailors https://t.co/kHhqY8hpcv
RT @politico: Analysis:Did Flynn flip and did Trump flip out? https://t.co/Rs72lZBFNy https://t.co/IuES5NuBcD
RT @Reuters: Zimbabwe's Mugabe cried when he agreed to step down: report https://t.co/RTWpRTctCc https://t.co/2aVoZrKj9N
RT @ABC: George HW Bush is now the longest living president https://t.co/OqK9uohYW7 https://t.co/JFAVZ4wBF7
RT @politico: The unquenched desire to break the White House glass ceiling and diminished tolerance for misogynistic behavior complicates t…
RT @politico: House to vote next week on anti-sexual harassment training resolution https://t.co/NRC2gen3Nu https://t.co/JYgmUH5da4
Systems of oppression cannot be toppled by reactive protest.Montgomery's bus boycott proved this.Rather, the oppressor responds to interruptions in the comforts that he takes for granted, the errosion of his wealth and making him share the burden of oppression#bringbackmontgomery
great stroy https://t.co/W9lnAz6Upq
RT @DailyCaller: Kaepernick Celebrates Thanksgiving By Going To An American Indian Protest https://t.co/rTbtqwaWqs https://t.co/SpCj6Yy4Oq
RT @OvieO: Lol! Or you could just start now? The delay is basically African time. https://t.co/5imRR2D7vx
Shame on us who allow ourselves to be hearded like sheep into two political stalls:Democrat or Republican.The Democrats waive the Civil Rights flag and  Black people run into their stall. The Repbulicans waive the abortion flag and Evangelicals mindlessly run into their stall.
Political parties do not exist to advance lofty principles. Rather, political parties are all about power. They use power to benefit the privelged and powerful few. Ironically, although political parties do not actually care about average people they can not exist without them.
RT @FoxNews: Jazz vocalist Jon Hendricks dead at 96, report says https://t.co/41zxph5wlW
Do the men in Congress really want to dig into this sexual harassment can of worms?  Probably not. I suspect that half of the Senate and the House are sitting around holding their breath. What is done in the darkness will come to the light. #noplacetohide https://t.co/DyWRmBtpYr
There are two separate justice systems in this America, one for Black people, especially Black men and one for everyone else. #nojustice #blackoppression #prisonisthenewslavery
Bill Cosby was accused of sexual assualts against women and there was a public outcry to put him in jail. Now that powerful white men like Judge Roy Moore and  Harvey Weinstein are implicated in similar actions there is call for mandatory training and counseling #noequality
@jimeh5 Let's take for instance our current president. Can you in good faith say that he is a man that lives his life in accordance with scriptural dictates? Whatever he is he is, he is definitely God's chosen man.But, his divine mission may be contrary to what you think or hope.
@jimeh5 JIm the question is not about any one leader.The question is about God's sovereignty. You may recall that Nebuchadnezzar was a very undgodly man.Yet, the scriptures referred to him as God's  servant.The question is what purpose of God did he serve? God's uses all leaders.
@jimeh5  Jim I believe that President Trumpt was selected by God and elected by the people But, according to Daniel that is the case for all leaders. Do you agree that President Obama was selected by God and then elected by the people? If not what is your scripturarl exlpanation?
Will America continue to push for vigorous prosecution of Bill Cosby now that we know many high profile white men engaged in equally egregious conduct against women? NO! The harshes responses from the justice system are always reserved for Africcan American men #unequaljustice
President Clinton says the war on drugs had an unintended affect on Blacks.The reality is the devistation visited upon us was part of a plan to arrest  the progress of the civil rights movement.By catering to southern white resentment he played a role in this. #makeitrightamerica
During the crack epidemic America built more prisons, because it was a,"black problem." In the face of the opiod crisis,"a white problem", America wants to build more treatment centers. If we close more prisons we will have the money to build treatment centers #Equality4all
Freedom is not free. Those who want to be truly free must be prepared to engage in perpetual struggle to achieve it. Moreover, the oppressed can not allow the oppressor to dictate the terms or the timing of their reinstatement to the plane of human equality. #freedomrising
I do not advocate that any people engage in violence as a means of political expression. However, all people have a God given right to proportionately resist violence that is unlawfully visited upon them by  perpetrators acting under the color of law. #resistpolicebrutality
America does not have a police brutality problem. Rather, it has a chronic condition of ignoring the very humanity of African Americans. The repeated police shootings of unarmed African American men, without fear of legal conseqeunces, is a mere symptom of this conditon.
RT @DremWever: Do not ignore that feeling inside that you get in the face of wrong and injustice. When something touches you inside, in the…
The burden of political and economic oppression will never be lifted from the black and brown people as longs as it is their burden alone.But,if this burden is shifted such that the majority is forced to share it, the majoirity will be forced to work to eliminate the burden.
The rights and privileges of any minorirty group, or the lack thereof, will always reside within the hearts and minds of the current majority. Therefore, the minority group's struggle is ongoing and it is always related to the present majority's perception of its rights.
It's time that we have a substantive national conversation about what's necessary to bring about permanent justice and equality for African Americans. The protections we currently have are termporal and subject to the will of the present white majority. This is not sustainable.