President Trump was elected to build the wall and he must find a way to do it, even if it means shutting down the government until he gets the money from Congress.#ShutHerDown
President Trump, if the Democrats in the Senate don't give you the money for the wall, then shut the government down and don't re-open the government until they do give you the money for the wall.
@DeplorableOkie9 @realDonaldTrump @GOP @jeffsessions No wonder a member of Senator Fienstein's staff leaked the name of Dr. Ford to the press because she seems to hire a lot of untrustworthy people to work for her.
@DeplorableOkie9 @realDonaldTrump @GOP @jeffsessions Don't forget, this is the same Senator Fienstein that had a Chinese spy working on her staff for 20 years and nothing was done to investigate that either.
I am so glad that Jeff Flake isn't running for re-election to the U.S. Senate because he is a embarrassment. GO MARTHA MCSALLY!!!!!!!
Senate Jeff Flake FLAKED on Judge Kavanaugh. He FLAKED on his Senate colleges. He FLAKED on President Trump. He FLAKED on the people of Arizona, who sent him to D.C., and he FLAKED on the American people.
Yesterday, President Trump said that he is thinking about closing the Southern Border until the wall is built because illegal border crossing Rose by 233% in the month of April and I think he should to protect America and it's citizens.
In California, 5 more cities voted to support President Trump's law suit against the States Sanctuary State policy and agreed to enforce Federal Immigration Law. Those cities are Ripon, Dana Point, Lake Forrest, Laguna Beach, and Yorba Linda.
In Maryland, ICE arrested a illegal immigrant who killed a FBI agent and a Fire Marshal in a car crash that happened back in December of 2017.
In Massachusetts, ICE arrested a illegal immigrant who was wanted of a violent crime outside of the courthouse where he was going to meet with a judge concerning another case.
Also last month in Texas, ICE busted up a human trafficking ring that led to the arrest of 6 traffickers and 50 of their illegal immigrant victims.
Last month in New Jersey, lCE conducted a 6 day operation that lead to the arrest of 65 illegal immigrants, 25 of who were wanted for being violent criminals.
FBI Attorney's James Baker and Lisa Page have resigned from the FBI in a continuous effort to clean out all of former FBI Director James Comey's bias agents from the FBI by current FBI Director Chris Wary.
We also found out that the FBI agents who interviewed General Flynn didn't believe that he lied to them, but Bob Mueller intimidated  Flynn to plead guilty to something that he didn't do. General Flynn should withdrawal his guilty plea and fight Mueller's charges in court.
We also found out that Rod Rosenstein wrote the letter ordering the raid on Paul Manafort a whole week after the raid took place. This alone should have all the charges against Manafort thrown out of court.
Judge Ellis called Bob Mueller and his marry band of witch-hunters what we all, who support President Trump, have been saying since this investigation began. That they are liers who are charging people with crimes that have nothing to do with Russia to get them to turn on Trump.
Planned Parenthood has started a program that will give 30 million dollars to help elect Democrats in the mid term elections. This is our tax payer dollars at work. Not only do they get 500 billion of our dollars to kill babies but they also use our money to defeat our candidates
Yesterday we found out that CIA Director Mike Pompeo met with Kim Hong Un in North Korea over the Easter weekend. They met to begin to set up the meeting between President Trump and Kim Jong Un that is supposed to take place in May.
Kimba Wood,the judge that is in charge of the Michael Cohen case is another bias liberal out to get President Trump.Wood was President Clinton's first choice for AG in 1993,but dropped out because she employed a illegal immigrant nanny.She also officiated at George Soros' wedding
In Minnesota, a FBI agent plead guilty to leaking classified information to the news media. It looks like the FBI has a culture of leaking to the media that dates back to when James Comey was Director and continues today. I hope the DOJ gets Comey and McCabe for their leaks.
California likes to say that they have the best global warming and environmental laws in the Nation and yet 8 of the top 10 most polluted cities in the Country are in California.
In Norfolk, Virginia 2 illegal immigrants were convicted of dealing meth to children and the Governor wants to protect people like that by vetoing the anti Sanctuary City bill.
Yesterday, California Governor Jerry Brown said that all politicians and people who don't agree with his States Sanctuary State law are low life's and racists. It's just like liberals to play the race card to attack people who don't agree with them.
In the State of New York over the past 6 days, ICE agents conducted raids that lead to the arrest of 225 illegal immigrants and 180 of whom had criminal records.
In Virginia, Governor Greg Northam vetoed a bill that passed the State House and Senate that would outlaw Sanctuary Cities there.
Also in California, 5 more cities voted to support President Trump's law suit against the States Sanctuary State law and enforce Federal Immigration law. These cities are Westminster, Barstow, Orange, Hesperia, and Mission Viejo.
Also in California, the city of Los Alamitos voted to completely opt out of the States Sanctuary State law and enforce Federal Immigration law.
Yesterday in California, San Diego County voted to support President Trump's law suit against the State of California and not enforce the States Sanctuary State law and enforce Federal Immigration law.
Yesterday, President Trump got a big victory in California when Governor Jerry Brown decided to send the National Guard to the border. Governor Brown decided to send 400 National Guard troops to the border.
We also found out that it was Peter Strzok who wrote and formed the information in the documents that got the Russia investigation started in the first place.
Now we found out that both FBI agents Peter Strzok and Lisa Page still have top level security clearance to see top secret information. It is sick that Nunes has to threaten impeachment to see top secret information while those two can see any information they want.
The threat of contempt or impeachment by Devin Nunes to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Chris Wary worked. Yesterday, Nunes got to see the documents he wanted to see. They were the documents that got the Russia investigation started in the first place.
It looks like President Trump is winning the trade tariff battle with China as the Chinese Government has announced that they are going to lower tariffs on all car imports into their Country.
So far, 1,500 National Guard troops have been ordered to the border between the United States and Mexico from  a combination of three States and those States are Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.
Also in California, ICE have been conducting raid in the Central Valley and have  detained over 100 illegal immigrants who have been working on the fields and the vineyards of the Central Valley.
In California, a human trafficker in a truck pulling a trailer with 20 illegal immigrants inside detached from the truck and crashed injuring everyone inside, but none of the seriously.
It was actually Geoffrey Berman's Deputy U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Robert Khuzami, who is a Obama hold over and is under investigation for corruption himself, who signed off on the FBI raid on President Trump's personal Attorney Michael Cohen.
Also,the liberal media has been saying that the Trump appointed U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York,Geoffrey Berman, also signed off on the raid on Cohen but this is a lie because Berman recused himself.
Also we found out that it was Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who signed off on the FBI raid on President Trump's personal Attorney Michael Cohen on the referral of Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
Yesterday,House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes warned Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein  and FBI Director Chris Wary that if they don't turn over all unredacted documents that he has requested, they will be placed in contempt of Congress and maybe impeached too.
President Trump signed a Executive Order that will strengthen work requirements for all Welfare programs and ordering a top down review of all Welfare programs to get rid of waste, fraud, and abuse in the system.
Also in the State of Arizona, they passed a law that makes it mandatory for all doctors and hospitals that preform abortions must ask the patient why she is having the abortion.
The Arizona Supreme Court ruled that illegal immigrant children who are here because of the DACA program will no longer be eligible to receive in State tuition to go to any of Arizona's State College's.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the DOJ temporarily ended the program that provides legal services for illegal immigrants who are in detention facilities, while the Department reviews the cost of the program to the tax payers.
Yesterday, President Trump signed a memo seeking to take steps towards ending the catch and release Immigration policy. Which refers to the release of illegal immigrants as they wait  for s immigration hearing.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered all U.S. Attorney's to prosecute all referrals made by DHS for illegal immigrant entries or attempted illegal immigrant entries into the U.S.
In Nashville, Tennessee ICE conducted a raid that led to the arrest of  97 illegal immigrants who worked at a meat processing plant there.
In Memphis, Tennessee a illegal immigrant journalist, who was ordered to be deported 11 years ago in 2007, was arrested by police for covering a ICE protest and after he was released from jail ICE arrested him.
In Ontario, California a illegal immigrant was arrested for bombing a Sam's Club and led the police on a high speed chase which ended in the illegal immigrants arrested and being charged with several crimes.
In Newport Beach, California a illegal immigrant was convicted and sentenced to 25 years to life for raping a 3 year old girl. No wonder the city of Newport Beach voted to defy the States Sanctuary State law and support Federal Immigration law.
Sometimes I think that the Democrats and the liberal media will never give Trump for being tough on Russia until he drops a bomb on the Kremlin. It is clear that the Democrats and the liberal media wants a war with Russia because they blame them for Trump being President.
Yesterday, President Trump slapped another round of sanctions on Russia. 7 oligarchs, 12 companies, and 17 Russian Government officials are now under sanction, and yet the liberal media still won't give President Trump credit for being tough on Russia.
The DOJ missed the deadline to turn over all the documents and information they had on several investigations that the House Committee sapeanaed and now they might have to enforce those sapeanaes.
A town in the state of Illinois, the town council voted to ban all so called assault weapons and anyone who doesn't give up their so called assault weapons will be fined 1,000 dollars a day until they do.
Now we find out that liberal billionaire George Soros is behind the funding of those groups that support, encourage, put together, and protect those illegal immigrant caravans from Central America and Mexico that come to the border to illegally cross into America.
In California, over one million illegal immigrants have been given legal drivers licenses by the State because of it's Sanctuary State policy, and that means that they can drive legally anywhere in this Country.
In Cleveland, Ohio a illegal immigrant who was deported 3 different times in the past was arrested for raping a child. President Trump was right when he said yesterday that rapes done by illegal immigrants in this Country is on the rise.
Over the Easter weekend, California Governor Jerry Brown issued pardons for 70 illegal immigrant criminals including 5 violent criminals. That means that this criminals are on the loose on the streets of California terrorizing the people in those communities.
More cities in California have or are  going to file a lawsuit against the States Sanctuary State law and enforce Federal Immigration law. Those cities are Fullerton, Costa Mesa, Newport Beach, Yorba Linda, Fountain Valley, Upland, and San Juan Capistrano.
States with Democratic Governors are already declining to send members of their States National Guard to the border. So, all of the 4,000 National Guard troops that are going to the border will have to come from States with Republican Governors.
President Trump signed a proclamation ordering 4,000 National Guard troops to the border to help the Border Patrol, DHS, and ICE defend the border until Congress decides to give President Trump the money he needs to build the border wall.
President Trump is going to put 100 billion dollars more in tariffs on Chinese goods in retaliation for the Chinese placing tariffs on American goods.
Trump's Administration is suing the California because of a law that was passed that says that California has the power to override the US Government's sale of Federal Lands in California.Of course,State Government can't tell the Federal Government what it can do with their land
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has put new quotas on Federal Immigration Judges to bring about faster judgements and more deportations. Each Judge will have to clear at least 700 cases every year or face sanctions.
President Trump is putting a 25% tariff on 1,300 different Chinese goods in retaliation for the Chinese putting tariffs on several of our goods.
A Federal Judge ruled the the US Government must pay for and provide abortions to pregnant illegal immigrants who cross the border into the US if they choose to have one.That means our tax payer dollars will be going to killing the babies of people who aren't even US citizens.
Pakistani Immigrants hired by House Democrats, with no background checks, have been hacking the personal and professional emails of 44 of their Democratic members from 2004 until they were caught in 2016 and no one reports on this scandal.
Now we find out that the Mueller investigation has no evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong and that  he is only a subject in the investigation, but that he isn't under criminal investigation at this time.
The illegal immigrant who escaped from ICE agents at JFK airport in New York City was recaptured by ICE buying coffee at a Starbucks in Chicago, Illinois.
On April 17, the County of San Diego, California will vote not to enforce the States Sanctuary State law and support and enforce the Federal Imigration laws.
Today, the City of Escondido, California will vote to decide if they will not enforce the States Sanctuary State law and support  and enforce the Federal Imigration laws.
Yesterday the City of Huntington Beach, California voted not to enforce the States Sanctuary State law and to support and enforce Federal Immigrant law.
Also, the National Guard could turn back that caravan of immigrants heading for the border, if the Mexican Government doesn't do it, we will do it for them.
President Trump has had enough of waiting for Congress to give him the funding for the wall on the Southern Border. So now he's going to put a wall of National Guard troops on the border until Congress gives him his border wall.
In more good news for President Trump and the American economy, the American jobless claims are down to the lowest level since 1973, back when Nixon was President. That means that the jobless claims are down at a 45 year low.
The Chairman of the DNC Tom Perez said that asking the citizenship question in the census would lead to voter suppression. So, without him knowing it, Chairman Perez admitted that illegal immigrants vote and the Democratic Party uses those votes to win elections.
In the State of Texas, a woman who was already a convicted felon, was sentenced to 5 years in prison for voter fraud after she illegally voted in the 2016 election. Again, President Trump is right and the liberal media is wrong because there is a voter fraud problem in America.
Also, ICE agents conducted raids in the States of Texas and Oklahoma over the last 3 days which led to the arrest of 89 illegal immigrants and of those 89, 67 of those illegal immigrants were wanted for violent crimes.
ICE agents launched a series of raids in the State of Florida over the last 5 days which led to the arrest of 271 illegal immigrants, and of those 271 illegal immigrants 99 of them were wanted for violent crimes.
Now we know that one of the main reasons why Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe was fired was because he lied 4 times about his leaks to the media. He lied to his former boss Former FBI Director James Comey, he lied to Congress, and he lied twice to the DOJ IG under oath.
In a good ruling in favor of President Trump, a judge in the State of California has ruled that President Trump will not have to give a deposition in the Stormy Daniels lawsuit against him.
A judge in New York has ordered the the lawsuit against the Trump Administration for the repeal of the DACA program can go forward after the Trump Administration tried to get the lawsuit thrown out.Again,liberal judges are looking out more for illegal immigrants than Americans.
I still believe that we need a second special counsel, but at least this is a good start and at least Attorney General Jeff Sessions has done something to get to the truth of all these botched investigations and abuses.
Sure the DOJ IG Michael Horowitz doesn't have prosecutorial authority, but he can make referrals for prosecutions. U.S. Attorney John Huber does have prosecutorial authority and can prosecute any of the referrals made by DOJ IG Michael Horowitz.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions also appointed the U.S. Attorney for the State of Utah John Huber to have a independent investigation into the Clinton email case, the Clinton Foundation case, the Uranium One case, and the abuses at the FBI, DOJ, and the FISA Court.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has decided not to appoint a second special counsel at this time, but he has ordered DOJ IG Michael Horowitz to investigate abuses at the FBI, DOJ, and FISA Court.
In Santa Clara, California, ICE defied their Sanctuary State policy and went into the jail to interview and detain illegal immigrants when they are released from the jail.
In California,the AG Xavier Baccera threatened to arrest all the Orange County Supervisors and the Sheriff of Orange County if they don't follow the States Sanctuary State policy.This threat happened because they voted to defy the State law and join the lawsuit against the State
In New York, a illegal immigrant who was being deported escaped from ICE agents at JFK airport after he was uncuffed to go through a metal detector at the gate.
In Sacramento, California, a jury has sentenced a illegal immigrant who killed two police officers to death for his crime. It is about time that California stood up for their own citizens over a illegal immigrant.
In Arizona, over 30 illegal immigrants were arrested, by ICE, because they were running a human trafficking and human smuggling ring.
Former Supreme Court Justice John Stevens has called for the complete repeal of the 2nd Amendment. Now we know that all the Democrats claims that they aren't out to repeal the 2nd Amendment are all lies. In 2018, vote Republican to protect the 2nd Amendment.
Also, Republican Senator James Inhofe is going to propose a bill in the Senate that, if passed, will order for the immediate deportation of any illegal immigrant who is caught by Local, State, or Federal, law enforcement agencies.
Now we find out that ICE uses Facebook information to track down and find illegal immigrants using the information they give on their Facebook pages. I agree with any tactics ICE can use legally to find and remove illegal immigrants from our Country.
Daryl Fisher,a Democratic candidate for Sheriff of Buncombe County,North Carolina, said that he wants the County to be gun free and those who don't give up their guns will be killed and have thier guns taken from their cold dead hands.This proves Democrats are coming for our guns
Oregon Democratic Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici has offered a bill in Congress that would prevent ICE from arresting illegal immigrants at courthouses,school's,or health clinics.This is  more evidence that the Democratic Party cares more for illegal immigrants than Americans.
On Friday, ICE agents arrested the illegal immigrant children rape suspect in front of the Astoria, Oregon court house because he was their for a court hearing for a different crime. ICE his now holding the man in a ICE holding facility in Seattle, Washington.
In February in Astoria, Oregon, a illegal immigrant, who had been deported twice in the pass, was arrested for raping a 14 year old girl and then the next day the Sheriff's Department released him on 25,000 dollars bond even after ICE put a hold on him.
In Orange County, California the Sheriff is going to defy California's Sanctuary State policy by beginning to release the release dates of all illegal immigrant inmates, in the County jail, to ICE.
The Democratic AG of California is suing the Trump Administration over one of the questions being asked in the 2020 census and the question is the legal status of all the people that take part in the census.
Also the FBI informant in the Uranium One case claims that the Russian Government assisted the Obama Administration in negotiating the Iran Nuclear Deal. If this is true it looks more and more like Obama, Clintonand the Democrats are the ones who are in Russia's pocket not Trump.
The FBI informant in the Clinton Uranium One case said that he had a lot of new information in the case but since the FBI closed the case they didn't want to reopen it. That was during the Obama Administration, now that Trump is in maybe they can reopen the case.
But of course the liberal media isn't giving Trump credit for being tuff on Russia because they like to tell the American people that  Trump is in Putin's pocket. Every day that goes by President Trump's proving that the liberal media are liers and Trump is in nobody's pocket.
President Trump expelled 60 Russian Diplomats and closed the Russian Consulate in Seattle, Washington in response to the chemical attack on those former Russian spies in London, England two weeks ago. This is a strong response by President Trump against Russia.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange claims that he has proof the MI6 and the British Government were behind the creation of the anti Trump dossier. If this is true I hope he releases this information so that the whole world can see it.
New York's Cardinal Timothy Dolan said that the Democratic party have abandoned Catholics and the Catholic Church because of their support for abortion and for not allowing pro life Democrats to run for office in the Democratic party.
Also, President Trump has decided to exempt the EU from the steal and aluminum tariffs that President Trump passed two weeks ago.
China is retaliating against President Trump's 50 billion dollar tariffs on their imported goods to America, by adding a additional 3 billion dollars of tariffs on are imported goods to China. We will see if this leads to a trade war  later on.
Trump didn't want to sign that big spending bill but there were a lot of good things in it that the Country needed. There was also a lot of things in the spending bill that were bad for America,but just like with everything in life sometimes you have to take the bad with the good
President Trump said that he is going to take the 1.6 billion dollars he just got from the spending bill and begin the construction of the wall on the border as early as Monday and probably starting in California were a Federal judge has already ruled that construction can begin.
Don't forget all the worst leftist dictatorships in past history and current history used their children to push gun control so that their people can't protect themselves and then they can take full control of their Country's. That is never going to happen in this country.
The liberal media doesn't even mention the pro gun rallies that took place all over the Country because it doesn't fit into their agenda. They want the American people to believe that all Americans believe in their anti gun believes bit it isn't true and don't believe in them
The only speakers at the protest were Democrats and left leaning people who were all anti gun. There was no diversity of opinions at that protest and the Democrats used the protest to register thousands of new Democratic voters  which was all they care about.
The family of a Parkland victim were banned from speaking at the March for our lives protest because they are Republican, pro Trump, and pro gun. This protest was nothing but leftist radicals trying to force their beliefs on the American people.
The only way these anti gun radicals can get rid of the 2nd Amendment is to get a Constitutional Amendment passed to repeal the 2nd Amendment. A Constitutional Amendment can't be passed without 2/3rds of the Senate, the House, and the States, and that will never happen.
All these people marching in D.C. are just wasting their time because their cause will not succeed. It will not succeed because they want to ban all guns and we have a constitutional right to own a gun if we want to according to the 2nd Amendment.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte also sapeanaed all the information and documents on all the investigations that Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe participated in from the Hillary Clinton email investigation till the day of his firing.
Also hidden in the 1.3 trillion dollar spending bill were a 1 billion dollar arms sale to Saudi Arabia and their were more brand new sanctions against Russia in the bill.
Also the DOJ admits that a grand jury has been empaneled in the FBI and DOJ investigations into FISA abuses.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte sent a sapeana to the DOJ to turn over all the documents they have on the Hillary Clinton email investigation which he asked them for 4 months ago but the DOJ had been stonewalling them.
President Trump issued 50 billion dollars of tariffs against imports of products from China. Now China is listing 128 American company's who's products they are going to tax. It looks like a trade war might be starting and that's why the stock market dropped 700 points today.
One thing we do know that the House Intelligence Committee's report says is that all the leaks coming from the Intelligence Community puts the lives of operatives in the field in danger and it damages America's National Security.
The House Intelligence Committee have turned over their report to the intelligence community to go through it so they can redact finding that they deem to be classified information before the report is released to the public.
The 1.3 trillion dollar spending bill is bad because it didn't fund the wall, it didn't defund Planned Parenthood, and it just adds more to the deficit and the National Debt which our kids and grandkids will have to pay for.
The Democrats are praising the new 1.3 trillion dollar spending bill because it funds all of their pet projects. Republicans are praising it because they got their increase in military spending.
Victoria Toeing is also a very good new addition to President Trump's legal team. She is a very good lawyer and has a lot of knowledge of how Special Counsel Robert Mueller's mind works.
President Trump's new National Security Adviser will be Former UN Ambassador John Bolton. He has had a long history in the foreign policy arena and all though he is more of a hawk then President Trump but he agrees more with him then McMaster did.
President Trump's new lawyer Joe DeGenava is a very good lawyer with a lot of experience. It is also a good pick because DeGenava has been a Special Counsel himself in the past, so he will know how to handle Mueller.
National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster resigned because he didn't agree with President Trump's views on Russia and the Iran Nuclear Deal.
President Trump's lawyer John Dowd resigned from the President's legal team because he didn't agree with the President's new aggressive approach towards Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
FBI Director Chris Wary said that Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe was fired by the book and that there was no pressure from AG Sessions or President Trump. The DOJ IG and the FBI'S OPR are the people who recommended that Andrew McCabe be fired.
Also in California, officials from Orange County, and the cities of Aliso Viejo and Buena Park are talking about passing bills that will allow them to enforce Federal Immigration Law and not to enforce the States Sanctuary State Law.
Also in California, a sheriff in a small town said the the liberal Sanctuary State policies are bad for the American people in California. The liberals care more about the illegal immigrants instead of law abiding citizens.
A teacher in a high school in California told his students that the people who join the military are dumbshits, not intelligent, not intellectuals, and are the lowest of the low. So, this is what the liberal intellectuals believe about our brave men and women in uniform.
In Kansas, a federal judge ordered ICE to release a illegal immigrant from custody to be with his family while he waits for a deportation hearing. Again a liberal judge is sticking up more for the illegal immigrants than for American citizens.
In Washington, the Democratic Governor signed a bill into law ordering all health insurance companies to cover all abortions in the State.That means even health insurance companies who are pro life will have to preform abortions.This is wrong and should be fought against in court
ICE is no longer going to turn wanted illegal immigrant criminals to California State law enforcement officers because ICE believes if they turn them over then the State will just release the illegal immigrants back out into the community and ICE will have to re-arrest them later
The Sessions story just proves that Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe was in the Democrats pocket. For the Democrats funding his wife's campaign, Andrew McCabe helped clear Clinton in the email case, started that Trump-Russia collusion case, and investigated AG Sessions.
Now we find out the Andrew McCabe, at the behest of Democratic Senator's Leahy and Franken, launched a criminal investigation into AG Sessions about wether he lied to Congress during is Confirmation Hearing. Of course he found no evidence of this because Sessions is still AG.
As a matter of fact, the Mueller investigation was started by a criminal act by James Comey. Comey admits to leaking information in order for a special counsel to be appointed. Just this alone makes the Mueller investigation illegitimate because it was started by a criminal act.
The leaks need to stop. Where is AG Sessions and his so called investigation into leak?  Why haven't any of the leakers been found or prosecuted yet? Why haven't any leakers been made an example of yet? We know of 2 confessed leakers, James Comey and Andrew McCabe, who should be.
It was probably one of those Deep State officials in the intelligence community who leaked the information from the PDB to make President Trump look bad and to make it look like Trump is at odds with his advisers. Trump makes his own decisions not his advisers.
The problem isn't what Trump did, the problem is the leak of highly classified information in a PDB. This is information that can only be seen by the highest ranking officials in the government and whoever leaked this committed a crime and should be found, fired, and arrested.
A leak from Trump's Presidential Daily Briefing showed that President Trump's national security advisors told him not to congratulate Putin for his victory and to push him on their involvement in the poisoning of 2 Russian spies in London, but Trump decided not to do that.
3 of the illegal immigrants who escaped justice in Oakland, because Mayor Libby Schaaf warned them that ICE was coming, have been arrested by ICE  while they were comitting new crimes. This is what happens when liberal care more for illegal immigrants then the American people.
A judge in Colorado ruled that the police don't have to hold illegal immigrants who commit crimes and post bail even if ICE puts a hold on them.This ruling let's the sheriff of Denver of the hook for releasing that illegal immigrant who killed someone in a hit and run.
Senator's Grassley and Graham sent a letter to the DOJ IG asking if he has found any evidence that the author of the Trump dossier, Chris Steele, received any payment from the Russian government or any of their allies.
But in the State of Mississippi a judge ruled against the States anti abortion law. The law would have also  made it illegal to have a abortion after 15 weeks. So with this ruling the abortion can still take place after 15 weeks.
Another judge in the State of Texas ruled in favor of the States anti abortion law. The law makes it illegal to preform a abortion in the State after 15 weeks. Thank God for the State of Texas.
A judge in the State of Texas ruled in favor of the States anti Sanctuary City Law. The law gives the State the right to fine every Sanctuary City in the State for every day they don't enforce Immigration Law. It's about time that the courts rule in favor of the American people.
The Los Alamitos, California city council voted 4-1 to pass a bill that allows the city to enforce the Federal Immigration Laws and to allow them not enforce the States Sanctuary State Laws. The Mayor of Los Alamitos signed the bill into law
The high school shooting in Maryland ended quickly with only the shooter died and 2 of the shooters victims wounded because the school resource officer was armed and was able to killed the shooter before he hurt anyone else. See having a armed officer in schools works.
Also, the liberal media continues to push the story that President Trump is going to fire Robert Mueller no matter how many times he says he isn't even thinking about it. This is just another made up story to push their impeachment agenda.
Now the liberal media are going around saying that President Trump is trying to run American the way Putin is running Russia. This is sickening and the liberal media bias can't be hidden anymore.
Putin wasn't the only dictator that President Obama congratulated for their election victories. In 2013, Obama congratulated Mohammed Morsi, the leader of the terrorist organization the Muslim Brotherhood, for his victory in Egypt, and Erdogan for his victory in Turkey in 2014.
What did President Obama do about Russian involvement Syria and the Ukraine? Absolutely nothing, and what did President Obama do when he found out that Russia was interfering in the 2016 election? Again he did absolutely nothing.
The liberal media is only crying about it now because it is President Trump who congratulated Putin. Also the liberal media call Trump weak on Russia when he has sanctioned them twice, fought them in Syria, and armed the Ukrainians.
The liberal media hypocrity is stunning. The are bashing President Trump for congratulating Russian President Vladimir Putin for his election victory, but when President Obama congratulated Putin for his election victory in 2012 the liberal media said nothing.
RT @4REDD4: @LTremberth My mom quit working for H&amp;R Block during tax season because she couldn't take it anymore; handing out $12,000 check…
RT @ToddRichard10: @LTremberth My initial thought is...are those fake SSN’s linked somehow to Liberal Coffers?
Now House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise have joined some Senator's in support of the calling for the  appointing a second special counsel to look into FBI, DOJ and FISA abuses.
According to the IRS IG, the IRS knows about the 2.5 million illegal immigrants who are on the tax roles and have done absolutely nothing about it yet. As of now, their has been no arrests and no conviction of anyone yet.
Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe said that Former FBI Director James Comey ordered him to leak classified information to the media. If this is true then Comey lied to Congress under oath when he said he didn't order anyone to leak classified information to the media.
The IRS IG said that 1.3 million illegal immigrants filed taxes using fake Social Security numbers and 1.2 million illegal immigrants received tax refunds in 2017. That means that their are 2.5 million illegal immigrants filed income taxes last year.
If mass data collection from Facebook is illegal then Obama is guilty of it too. In 2012, the Obama campaign did the same thing that Trump did in 2016 and nobody said anything about it then. In fact the media praised Obama for it. They are against it now because it is Trump.
The Democrats, the Mueller investigation, and the liberal media are going crazy over the fact that Facebook allowed the Trump campaign to collect mass data on it's user during the election. If Facebook knows that it is happening and allows it then it shouldn't be illegal.
The liberal media love to play up their polls that say that the Democrats lead Republicans by 10 points house generic ballet for 2018. The newest one from NBC News says this but of course these are the same pollsters that said that President Trump was going to lose by 10 points.
On Saturday, 2 ominous tweets by Former CIA Director John Brennan and Former UN Ambassador Samantha Power openly threatened President Trump and should be investigated by the FBI because it is illegal to issue any kind of threats of any kind against a sitting President.
A House panel is going to subpoena the FBI to turn over the over 1 million missing documents pretaining to the Hillary Clinton email investigation. The FBI claims that they can't find the documents and have been stonewalling the House panel.
In 2017, over 1.2 million illegal immigrants filed Federal Income Tax Returns by using fake and fraudulent Social Security Numbers. These are illegal acts of indentity theft on top of them being in this country illegally.
I hope the motion fails because we all know what Planned Parenthood's Child Pregnancy Prevention Program is. I can answer that in one word and that one word is abortion.
President Trump ended a program that gave 100 million tax payer dollars a year to Planned Parenthood to support their Child Pregnancy Prevention Program. Now Planned Parenthood has filed a motion in Federal Court to try to get that funding back.
In another example of liberal big tech sensorship, YouTube as removed The Daily Mail off of their website for violating their Community Guideline Laws. This is just another way that liberals are trying to silence conservative speech.
The city of Los Alamitos, California, they are trying to pass their own immigration law. They want to pass a law that will allow them to enforce Federal Immigration Law and allow the not to enforce the States Sanctuary State Law. I hope they can get it passed.
Unfortunately, ICE didn't get all the illegal immigrants who were on their radar in San Diego, California, 2 in particular. One is a illegal from Mexico who is wanted for child rape and the other is a illegal from Mexico who is wanted for being a serial domestic abuser.
In San Diego, California last week while President Trump was there, there was a ICE raid in San Diego which lead to the arrest of 115 illegal immigrants other 3days. ICE got most the illegal immigrants they where after because the San Diego Mayor didn't worn them before the raid.
Now we find out that Oakland, California Mayor Libby Schaaf actually met with illegal immigrant interest groups to worn them of a in pending ICE raid even before she did it publicly through the press. This just proves that she did it deliberately which should be a crime.
In Ohio, a conservative high school student was suspended because he stayed in class instead of participating in the anti gun National School Walkout. So this is how the liberals treat a conservative who was exercising his 1st Amendment right not to protest.
Chairman Nunes also said that the liberal media is dangerous because they lie, make up stories,promote fake news,and that he doesn't trust them anymore.Nunes is right and infact I think everyone shouldn't listen to the liberal media until they give Trump a chance to be President.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said another reason they ended the Russia investigation was the Democrats on the committee couldn't be trusted anymore. There were over 100 leaked of classified information to the media by the Democratic members of the committee.
Democrats are slamming Trump's lawyer John Dowd for saying it is time to end the Mueller investigation. Dowd is right and I think it should have ended a long time ago.Infact, I think Trump is right when he said there shouldn't have been a Mueller investigation in the first place.
Now some good news. Consumer confidence is now at a 14 year high as lower income households and families are becoming more optimistic about the economy and jobs because of the tax reform and more jobs and more money in their pockets.
Mueller is not investigating any of the important crimes worth investigating. All he is investigating are lies, stories, and fairytales about Trump-Russia collusion and nothing else even though he is supposed to be investigating all things Russia. Not just Trump but everybody.
We also know now that Andrew McCabe was interviewed already by the Mueller investigation. I don't think that MaCabe told them about all the illegal activities he was doing in the Clinton and Trump investigations and I don't think they asked either because Mueller is after Trump.
Also, it appears like Andrew McCabe kept memos of all of his interactions with Trump, just like Comey did, and he turned them over to the Mueller investigation. It is strange that all these guys in the FBI keep memos. How do we know what they put in them are really what happened?
It is sick to watch all these Democrats sticking up for and trying to protect a criminal like Andrew MaCabe. We even see Democrats offering to get him a government job so he can get his full pension of which he doesn't deserve. He deserves to go to prison not get a pension.
In another example of big tech sensorship, Instagram removed a photo of a young woman wearing a MAGA hat claiming that it violated thier community guidelines. This is just about liberals trying to silence conservatives free speech because they hate conservatives and Trump.
The DOJ is considering releasing parts of the FISA application that allowed the FBI to spy on Carter Page. If they do decide to release it they will not release parts of that application that would show classified information. Those parts will be redacted.
Now Senator's Cornyn and Tillis have joined Senator's Grassley and Graham in calling for a second special counsel to look into FBI, DOJ, and FISA abuses.
During testimony to a Senator Committee the Acting FBI Deputy Director Bowdich said that the Obama Administration removed 500,000 names of wanted criminals, who hadn't been caught, off the background check database.
In Denver, Colorado the illegal immigrant, who killed a truck driver during a hit and run crash and the was released by by police, must have began to feel guilty for what he did so he turned himself in to ICE and is now being held for vehicular homicide.
A Government worker at the NRO was arrested by the FBI for stealing recon equipment worth 350,000 dollars and then released the information about the equipment that he stole on his Facebook page.
Remember what Historian Edward Gibbon said at the end of his series of books the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, a great Empire doesn't fall from without until it has destroyed itself from within.
Eventually, if the debt keeps going higher, this country could default on it's debt and if that happens this country will no longer be great and could fail the way the Soviet Union did. The Soviet Union spent itself to death trying to keep up with us during the arms race.
Our National Debt just went over 21 trillion dollars. This is the only thing that President Trump isn't doing well. If the debt keeps going up then inflation will keep going up because the more we keep printing money the more it's value falls.
Now Russia tried to hack our energy grid to shut down our electricity like they did in Ukraine last year. Isn't it time that he stop investigating the fake Trump-Russia collusion story and start doing something to stop Russian cyber attacks against our Country????.
No one knows yet if Judge Rudolph Contreras was one of the judges who signed off on the FISA warrant to spy on Carter Page, but if he was it would be just more proof of FBI and FISA abuse against President Trump.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions just fired Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe before he could get his full pension. It is about time Sessions had the guts to do something about FBI corruption.
Then Strzok and Page tried to set up a meeting with Judge Rudolph Contreras after he joined the FISA Court, most probably to talk about the Trump-Russia connection. Then they decided not to so that the judge wouldn't have to recuse himself if the Russia case cane before him.
Now we find out that FBI agents Strzok and Page were friends with Judge Rudolph Contreras, who was the judge who accepted the guilty plea of General Micheal Flynn. Then after that Judge Rudolph Contreras was appointed to the FISA Court.
Also in California, a illegal immigrant couple were killed in a fatal car crush while they were trying to run away from ICE agents The couple were pulled over, but when they saw it was ICE who pulled them over they took off and later the driver lost control of the car and crashed
In California, a illegal immigrant has been hired to be a member of a State Government Advisery Committee for illegal immigrants students to get to go to college in the State. This is how much of a sanctuary State California has become, allowing illegals to work in the government
The liberal media will never give President Trump credit for being tuff on Russia because if they did they would lose their biggest story to use against President Trump.
In Minnesota, a student carrying a pro gun sign, during the anti gun walkout yesterday, was escorted off the school premisses  by the school principal. Then the school principal threatened to have the kids arrested.
President Trump has done a lot more against Russia, in a very short time, then the Obama Administration had done in 8 years. Also we have found out that the Obama Administration knew that Russia was interfering in our election and they did absolutely nothing to stop it.
President Trump put tuff new sanctions on Russia yesterday. This is the second round of sanctions that President Trump has put on Russia since election day. He also has given lethal weapons to the Ukraine and yet the Democrats and the liberal media say he is in Putin's pocket.
Yesterday, Senator's Grassley and Graham wrote a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions asking him to appoint a second special counsel to investigate political bias, criminality, and abuses in the DOJ, FBI, FISA Court, and even the Mueller investigation. #2ndSC
It is looking like Mueller will use anybody regardless of their criminal histories as witnesses against President Trump just as long as they will give him any kind of evidence against President Trump whether it be true or not.
Now we find out that one of Mueller's top witnesses in the Russian investigation is a man named George Nader, who has been convicted 10 times of sexual acts with under age boys in Prague, Czech Republic. This is the kind of people the Mueller is listening to in his investigation
Now the Mueller investigation is looking into the Trump Organization to find out if President Trump has any business involvement in Russia. The Trump Organization is complying and cooperating with the Mueller investigation.
Also San Francisco Sheriff Vicki Hennessy offered a public apology to a illegal immigrant in custody for allowing ICE agents to interview him and is opening a investigation into he they got in there without her knowledge. ICE Director Thomas Homan said that is rediculous.
Nancy Pelosi said that ICE agents launch cowardly attacks on illegal immigrants in California. ICE Director Thomas Homan replied to Pelosi by saying how dare she say that people who are defending America from illegal immigrant criminals cowardly.
In Chicago,Illinois, the teachers used tax payer dollars to support the protesters and a parent of one of the child who didn't take part in the protest is suing the city for using tax payer dollars for political purposes.
The Nationwide school walkout protest against the 2nd amendment wasn't a good idea for the students. The students who participated in the protest missed a day of school. While thoughs who didn't participate were put in a room to be by themselves all day.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is still deciding whether to fire Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe before he gets his full pension. President Trump wants AG Sessions to fire McCabe but he hasn't decided yet.
The FBI continues to fail to abide by a court order from a judge telling the FBI to turn over all of Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe's communications while he was leading the Clinton email case and the Trump-Russia collusion case.
Yesterday, the Senate voted to repeal Dodd-Frank and making it easier for Banks to lend and save money. The House already passed a repeal bill, so now they go to a conference committee to create a bill that both the House and Senate can vote for.
President Trump hired Larry Kudlow to replace Gary Cohn as Economic Adviser. Kudlow doesn't agree with President Trump on trade but he does on everything else. Kudlow used to work for President Reagan doing the same thing.
The liberal media is saying that President Trump fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson because he was to tuff on Russia but this is more fake news. Trump fired Tillerson because he wasn't doing a good job and the two didn't get along on many issues and that is why he was fired.
Also, Victoria Neuland a Obama State Department official was the one who set up the meeting between Chris Steele and the FBI and that is when Chris Steele began working for the FBI until he was fired for leaking to the media.
Now we find out that the Obama Administration also used Fusion GPS to create a dossier on Mitt Romney in 2012. So, Clinton used the same tactics on Trump that Obama used on Romney, but Clinton failed.
Also, some illegal immigrants may have voted in the Pennsylvania election because over 100,000 illegal immigrants are registered to vote in Pennsylvania because of a loophole in the States motor voter law and some of those votes should be challenged.
There were also reports  of a lot of voter irregularities in the Pennsylvania election in favor of the Democrat Lamb. Reports say that voting machines changed votes for Saccone to Lamb and other problems.
As I said, the Republican candidate in Pennsylvania Rick Saccone would need to lawyer up because if it ended close he would have to challenge the election results. Saccone is losing by 627 votes so far with votes still out and that is why the election hasn't been called yet.
President Trump blocked the Broadcom-Qualcomm deal for national security reasons for fear of China becoming the world wide leader in 5G technology instead of the U.S.
For 2020, the Democratic party wants to run on Medi-Care for all, higher taxes, higher spending and a end to ICE. This is the Democratic party's better way? It sounds like the old way under President Obama.
A new study says that President Trump's border wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs, and illegal immigrants coming across the border and going on government programs like Welfare and Medi-Caid.
California Attorney General Xavier Baccera threatened President Trump when he said he'd better watch himself in a dark ally when he comes to California today. This is sick and it could also be illegal. It is illegal to threatened the President in any way.
Now we find out that Former DNI James Clapper was the one who leaked, the fact that he was the one who briefed Trump about the dossier, to CNN. He is also the one who leaked, the fact President Obama was briefed about the Trump dossier in the PDB, to CNN.
In India, Hillary Clinton also said that the only reason why President Trump won married white women in the election is because their husbands made them vote for Trump not because they liked Trump better than her.
Also, I think Saccone's campaign should be ready to make legal challenges, just in case he loses a close election to Lamb, because some illegal immigrants could get to vote because of the loophole in the State's motor voter law. I'm sure many of those illegals live in Pittsburgh.
The polls open in a few hours in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for the special election for a house seat. We need to get all our voters to the polls to beat Democrats emfusiasum or we will lose the seat. REPUBLICANS, GET OUT AND VOTE!!!!!!!
The liberal media isn't going to agree with the House Intelligence Committee's findings either because they have bought into the Trump-Russia collusion negative from the beginning and now they will have been proven wrong too.
Did anyone hear what Hillary Clinton said about the Trump voter while she was in India. She said that Trump's voters wanted to move the Country backwards not forwards and that they hate minorities and women getting more better paying jobs. This kind of thinking is why Trump won.
Of course, the Democrats don't agree with the House Intelligence Committee's findings because they were proved wrong and they have nothing else to talk about. Also, Congressman Adam Schiff, that shifty, beady eyed, leaker, will no longer have anything to talk about on T.V.
Well the House Intelligence Committee's investigation into collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia is over. They found no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
President Trump will be in San Diego, California tomorrow to see the border wall prototypes that were built on the California border with Mexico. I hope this is the first step in getting the border wall built.
There is no need for a investigation to find out why that illegal immigrant killer was released  in Denver because the answer is a simple one. That killer was released because Denver is a sanctuary city and the Sheriff cares more for illegal immigrants than American citizens.
Now the Sheriff of Denver, Colorado is launching a investigation into how the Sheriff's Department released that illegal immigrant, who killed a truck driver during a hit and run, before ICE took custody of him.
I support President Trump's new proposal on gun safety in school and I also like the fact that President Trump dropped raising the age to purchase a gun from 18 to 21, from the proposal. I am glad it was dropped because the proposal wouldn't pass with that provision in it.
This is how much liberal academica in the State of California hate President Trump, teachers in Laguna Hills High School Spanish Class beat pinatas of President Trump with sticks. If this was President Obama liberals would be crying racism but since it's Trump it okay.
The Democrats released their own tax proposal to replace President Trump's tax reform law. They want to higher the highest individual rate from 37%to 39.6%, higher the corporate rate from 21% to 25%,higher the death tax, and bring back the AMT and the SALT taxes. It's a bad deal
Now Connecticut Governor Daniel Malloy is saying that the NRA has blood on it's hands and that the NRA likes to use people's deaths to promote their views. He also said that the NRA's members are devoid of honor and courage for not standing up to their leadership.
Now we find out that the Obama Administration's intelligence agencies knew that the Russian's were interfering with the election and wanted to do something about it, but they were ordered to stand down by President Obama's National Security Adviser Susan Rice.
That illegal immigrant that killed a man during a hot and run incident in Denver, Colorado is now a free man after posting a 25,000 dollar bond, even though ICE put a hold on him, because of Denver's sanctuary city policy. I pray for the family of the victim and shame on Denver.
President Trump is going to have one on one talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in May.There will be no representatives of other countries or adviser. It will be just President Trump and Kim Jong Un  and nobody else if the meeting takes place because they might not show up
The Trump Administration is warning the Syrian Government not to use anymore chemical weapons against it's own people or face another retaliatory strike by the U.S. like the one President Trump ordered last year.
President Trump told the EU that they will be exempt from the steal and aluminum tariffs if they end the tax on all of our exported good to all the EU states. We shall see what happens in the coming days.
In 2020, President Trump said that he is going to buy pass the liberal media and live stream all of his campaign events on the internet. Well why not, the liberal media hates him and they never carry his events all the way from start to finish.
It was so cool to hear how President Trump told the Mexican President where he can go after he tried to get  Trump to say publicly that Mexico didn't have to pay for the wall. President Trump said no way BYE-BYE and in the end Mexico will pay for the wall one way or the other.
Well now that President Trump is making America great again, his new slogan for the 2020 campaign is to keep America great, and the only way to do that is to re-elect President Trump. #MAGA	#KAG
The liberal media will not tell the American people the truth about how President Trump is making America great again because they are actively rooting for President Trump to fail and they will tell any lie and make up any story to bring that about.
I liked how President Trump bashed Chuck Todd, MSNBC, CNN, and all those other FAKE NEWS outlets who spend 24 hours a day 7 days a week bashing President Trump with fake Russia stories, Stormy Daniels, and all their other fake stories, instead of telling the people the truth.
I agree with President Trump when he said that we should look into giving the death penalty to drug dealers. These people murder hundreds of thousands of people every year and they ruin the lives of millions of people every year selling them their poison.
Also, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said that activist judges who block President Trump's national agenda and who legislate from the bench is unconstitutional and that those judges are Super Legislators, who force their political views on the people instead of using the law.
President Trump asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to pass a new rule in the DOJ that would give President Trump the right to ban bumpstocks without Congressional approval, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions did just that.
3 different times in the past week, 3 different NRA websites have been hacked by a group ultra-left hackers, which shut down the NRA's websites. This is what liberals like to do to shut down Conservative speech and violate the 1st and 2nd Amendment rights of Conservatives.
RT @Robertd07417699: President trump thank you for the awesome tax reform law and for ending the Obama Care mandate. Thank you for tariff l…
The Democrats and the liberal media aren't telling you the whole story about the ICE arrest of a woman in San Diego, California. The video that's all over Facebook doesn't say why she was arrested. She worked recruiting driver's for a human trafficking gang.
Jewish groups are calling for the resignations of all the Democratic politicians who have any relationship with and doesn't denounce  Louis Farrakhan, like Congressman Kieth Ellison and Congresswoman Maxine Waters and 5 other Democratic members of Congress.
The Democrats and the liberal media like to go around saying that President Trump is s racist and a White Nationalist with no proof, while the Democratic party associates itself with a known racist, Black Nationalist, and Anti-Semite like Louis Farrakhan.
The NRA is suing the State of Florida over their new gun law. The NRA believes that some parts of the law are a unconstitutional attack on the peoples 2nd Amendment rights. The agree with most of the law just not the gun bans and the age change.
Call and Murray have until March 15, to answer the questions when they new the Trump dossier was funded by the Clinton campaign and the DNC and when did they know it and if they don't they will be sapeanaed to testify before the committee.
House Committee Chair Devin Nunes is now investigating 2more people in the Trump dossier investigation and these 2use to work for VP Joe Biden.Biden's National Security Adviser Colin Call and Biden staffer Shiala Murray have ties to Fusion GPS.Murray's husband works for FusionGPS
Again, as I said before, the Democrats and the Mueller investigation is going to chase down every rabbit hole to try to take down President Trump, but will investigate anything involving Hillary Clinton that's why we need a second special counsel. #2ndSC
A crazy guy who held three women in a Veteran's home in California, killed the three women and himself after a long altercation with police. Again, the man who used to live there got a rifle somehow, even though California has had a assault weapons ban since 1989.
Second, if back channel communications are illegal, then all the President's who are still alive needs to be arrested because they all have setup back channel communications with other countries.
First, if Prince was trying to setup a back channel with the Russians, it blows the Trump-Russia collusion angle out of the water. If Trump colluded with the Russians he wouldn't need to setup a back channel because he would already be in contact with the Russian government.
Now Mueller is investigating a meeting between Eric Prince,a U.A.E. Prince,and s Russian businessman on a island off the coast of Africa in 2017.Prince says it was just a meeting at a bar between old friends.Mueller claims that Prince was setting up a back channel to the Russians
Now a 6 year old kid brought a loaded hand gun to his Elementary Charter School in Florida. This isn't going to change, even the the new law just passed, because anybody can get a gun at anytime and from anybody.
Let's send a message to the Globalist Republicans and Democrats who want to keep the status quo on trade. #SUPPORTtheTARIFFS
While the Democrats and Mueller are chasing fairytales of Trump-Russia collusion,the are ignoring the very real Clinton-Russia collusion and the collusion between Clinton and the Obama FBI and DOJ to destroy Trump.Let's call on AG Sessions to appoint a 2nd special counsel.#2ndSC
The Democrats and the liberal media want to give the credit for the good economy to President Obama not President Trump because they don't want to admit that President Trump's economic policies are working. Deregulation, tax reform and the tariffs are working. #MAGA.
The February jobs report came out today and there were 313,000 new jobs created I the month of February and the unenployment rate went down to 4.1%. This is just more great news and it proves the President Trump is continuing to make America great again. #MAGA.
Remember how the Obama Administration stonewalled the investigation into the fast and furious  program. They refused to turn over information.They ignored sapeanas and for the first time in American history a sitting Attorney General, Eric Holder,was found in contempt of Congress
After 6 and a half years, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered the DOJ to release all the files and information into the fast and furious investigation. It's about time for the family of slain Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry's family to get some answers.
Jeff Flake also says that a conservative alternative to President Trump should run against him in the Presidential primary in 2020. So, Senator Flake must think that he is a conservative and President Trump is not. If Senator Flake is a conservative then I am a liberal.
As I thought, the Globalist Republicans are going to try to stop President Trump's tariffs from taking effect. Arizona Senator Jeff Flake is going to introduce legislation to nullify the tariffs. This will not work because he would need 67 votes to break a Presidential veto.
If it happens, President Trump will prove the experts wrong again. The experts said that President Trump's tuff talk would lead to war, but it looks like it is leading to talks between the United States of America and the North Koreans.
It is happening!!!!!. North Korea is coming to the table and President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will meet in a place to be determined in May. This is huge if it happens because the North Korean can always pull out.
The steal and aluminum tariffs will go into effect in 15 days, if there is no interference from the courts. Someone can always challenge the tariffs in court and hold them up for a while. Canada and Mexico are exempt from the tariffs. I could see Canada but why Mexico.
President Trump fooled everybody, including the Globalist Republicans, and signed the steal and aluminum tariffs into law today anyway even when he said he wasn't yesterday. That is why the American people elected him because he is unpredictable and likes to fake out politicians
Attorney General Jeff Sessions didn't rule out a second special counsel to investigate FISA abuse by the DOJ and the FBI. I hope he does because we need a outside person to look into this because I don't trust the FBI and DOJ to investigate the FBI and DOJ fairly.
So, the Federal Government's lawsuit against the State of California could be appealed all the way to the United States Supreme Court, but in the end I believe that California's imigration laws will be ruled unconstitutional for the same reasons that Arizona's were.
In the end, the Supreme Court ruled that Arizona's laws were unconstitutional because imigration law is under the purview of the Federal Government and the States can't create their own imigration laws.
If the Democrats in California believe that there sanctuary city laws are legal, they must have forgot what happened in Arizona in 2012. The Obama Administration sued Arizona over there tuff imigration laws and they appealed it all the way to the United States Supreme Court.
In Denver, Colorado there was a male illegal immigrant who killed someone in a hotel and run and the Sheriff of Denver is going the release this person on 25,000 dollars bond even though ICE put a hold on him because Denver is a sanctuary city.
There was another school shooting in a Birmingham, Alabama high school where one person was killed and one was wounded, but this one looks like a accident. The kid brought the gun to school to show it off to his friends when it went off.
Connecticut Governor Daniel Malloy said that the NRA is a terrorist organization and that it's members are terrorists who like to see our children die in gun violence.
The Mayor of Baltimore Catherine Pugh, who's cities school budget is 132 million dollars in the hole, is spending 100,000 dollars to rent 60 buses to take their students to D.C. at the end of the month for a anti-gun rally.
There is a new report that says that the liberal media's reporting is 91% negative against President Trump and only 9% of the media coverage in positive for President Trump.
Over 100 Republican house members sent a letter to the White House telling President Trump that they're not in favor of the tariffs, and it looks like they won because President Trump cancelled a signing ceremony for today to sign the tariffs into law.
A steal mill in Illinois, that had been closed down is now reopening because of President Trump's new tariff proposal on steal and aluminum. I think the will be more of this happening when the tariffs are implemented.
Some people say that it was the Republicans that killed the 3 year DACA extension, but this is not true. There are 49 Democratic Senator's in the Senate. If all of them voted for it, they would only need 11 Republican Senator's to vote for it for it to become law.
This is crazy because the Protection Clause in the Constitution says that the State must comply with Federal law in protection of the Country. So Libby Schaaf,Jerry Brown and all the Mayor's and Governor's of sanctuary cities and states are breaking the law and should be arrested
Oakland California Mayor Libby Schaaf said that she has a legal right to protect the illegal immigrants in her communities because of the 10th amendment to the Constitution, which separates State government from the Federal Government.
Now we need a big voter turnout next Tuesday in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in that special election for that house seat. The polls have the election close, so we need to get all our voters out to keep the seat in Republican hands.
In Texas, Senator Ted Cruz received more votes this time ,1.5 million, then he did in 2012, and 2 times as many votes, 500,000, as his Democratic challenger Beto O'Rourke. You will not hear this in the liberal media either.
It sounds like the tuff talk by President Trump is starting to get through to Kim Jong Un in North Korea. The fire and fury comments by President Trump looks like it might be bringing North Korea to the table but we will have to see.
Here is something you won't hear from the liberal media, that in Texas, the Democrats had the biggest voter turnout since 2002. While, the Republicans in Texas had the biggest voter turnout in it's history. So, the liberal media's story the Republicans aren't energized is wrong
A judge in California ruled that it is legal for the Trump Administration to withhold Federal Grants for State law enforcement if the State isn't complying with Federal law. The ruling allows the Trump Administration's withdrawal of 1 million dollars of grants to go through.
A 3 year extension of DACA was voted down by the Senate because the Democrats failed to support the bill. This is just more proof that the Democrats don't care about DACA, they just want to use it as a campaign issue.
The DOJ is suing the State of California for interference with the Federal Government's enforcement of Federal Imigration laws. The Oakland Mayor warning illegals that ICE was coming was the last straw for Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Chairman Gawdy and Chairman Goodlatte sent a letter to the DOJ and Attorney General Jeff Sessions calling for a second special counsel to look into the FISA abuses by the FBI and the DOJ. I hope Sessions does appoint one because a independent person needs to look into this.
Cohn was also against President Trump pulling out of the Trans Pacific Partnership and the Paris Climate Accord.  Cohn is a Globalist, his side lost and it was time for him to go.
Gary Cohn, President Trump's economic adviser, resigned because he didn't agree with President Trump's tariffs on steal and aluminum. This is okay because he was one of the swamp creatures still left in the White House coming from Goldman Sachs.
Again, I don't know why the Mueller investigation isn't investigating collusion between the Clinton campaign, the DNC, and Russia because there is a ton of evidence of Clinton campaign collusion with Russia and no evidence of Trump campaign collusion with Russia.
Thanks Sam Nunberg, it is about time that someone had the guts to tell Mueller where to go and doesn't care whether he goes to jail for it neither.
If it wasn't for this Australian Diplomat there would be no Russian collusion investigation and there would be no Mueller investigation either because all these investigations started with his report.
Now we found out that the Australian Diplomat, who told the FBI about a Trump campaign official bragging about collusion with Russia, was also a friend of the Clinton's. He obtained a 25 million dollar grant for the Clinton Foundation from the Australian Government
Also we find out that Sidney Blummanthal, a close friend of the Clinton's, was feeding Chris Steele information for the Trump dossier through the Obama State Department.
FBI agent Peter Strazk was warned by FBI Cyber-Investigators that the Clinton email server was breached by the Russians, but he ignored it and did nothing to investigate it further. The DOJ IG is now investigating this.
To those who think that Mueller is perfect unbiased person, because he served in the military, then, when since Mueller is supposed to be investigating all things Russia, why is he only focused on the Trump side and not the Clinton side of collusion with Russia.
Now we find out that the Mueller investigation is investigating whether there was collusion between the Trump campaign and the U.A.E. during the 2016 election. Mueller can't find evidence of Russian collusion so now he is going off in all different directions to take down Trump.
Those Globalist Republicans point to the 2002 steal tariff, by then President Bush, that failed. They failed because it was a different time. Plus, we needed to use more steal because of the wars.
We have a 800 billion dollar a year trade deficit and if nothing is done to change it it will only get worse and I guess these Globalist Republicans like it or they would be for the tariffs.
The Democrats support President Trump's proposal for the tariffs on steal and aluminum but not all the Republicans do. Globalist Republicans are against it and will not support any legislation that does, but I believe they are wrong.
ICE arrested 232 illegal immigrants in Oakland, California last week even after the Mayor warned them that they were coming, and of those 232 illegals 75% of those were convicted criminals released because of the cities sanctuary city policy. But over 800 illegals got away.
DACA shouldn't even be a law because it was a unconstitutional abuse of power by the Obama administration. The EO power doesn't give the President the right to make policy without Congressional approval.
Today was supposed to be the end of DACA but because of court interference it's still in effect, and Democrats don't care because they don't have to do anything and still have it as a campaign issue.
A new report says that there are over 100,000 illegal immigrants registered to vote in Pennsylvania do to a loophole in the State's motor voter law. Republicans in Pittsburgh better wake up. The is a special election there next Tuesday and those illegals there will vote.
Some people say that the tax payer dollars going to Planned Parenthood doesn't matter. Let me ask, if you are a Republican Christian Conservative and you find out that your tax dollars are going to a organization that kills babies and supports Democrats, would that matter to you.
Liberals are saying that the NRA use their money to support Republicans in elections, but the point is that they use their own money donated by their members, not tax payer dollars like Planned Parenthood. The NRA doesn't receive tax payer dollars.
RT @LTremberth: 500,000 or 500,000,000 dollars, it is still unfair that conservative tax payer dollars are going to Planned Parenthood who…
Again, I think we need to get rid of gun free zones because Central Michigan University is a gun free zone and if someone had a gun in the school this shooting might have been stopped.
A man also shot himself in the head in front of the White House. This is s good reason to have strong background checks for mental health issues when you buy a gun because that man definitely had mental health problems.
The man who killed his parents at CMU used his father's own gun to commit the crime. Like I said before, if someone is going to do a crime like this, they're going to get the gun anyway they can. They can buy one, barrow one, steal one, or buy one off the street.
The Democrats and their friends in the media will try anything to get rid of Trump because they can't believe that he beat the darling of the Democratic party on his own. He had the get help from some outside group because he was too stupid to beat her on his own but he did.
Now we find out that the Mueller investigation is investigating whether President Trump is giving political favors to the business partners of his son-in-law Jared Kushner in exchange for them helping Jared's businesses.
500,000 or 500,000,000 dollars, it is still unfair that conservative tax payer dollars are going to Planned Parenthood who use it to kill babies and use it to support liberals against conservatives in elections. Planned Parenthood kills our children not the NRA.
It is time to defund Planned Parenthood. It makes me sick that we are paying for the death of babies and we are paying them to help them defeat us in elections.
Now we find out that Planned Parenthood is going to spend 20 million dollars in 2018 to help Democrats defeat Republicans in the Mid-term elections. Planned Parenthood also receives 500,000 tax payer dollars a year.
The liberal media and the Democrats blame the NRA and conservatives for killing children whenever there is a mass shooting, while the liberals and Planned Parenthood kills 300,000 babies a year.
In 2015, President Obama signed a EO legalizing bumpstocks. That is why President Trump doesn't have to wait for Congress because he can sign his own EO to override the old one.
On the bumpstock issue, the liberal media and the Democrats try to make it sound like it is the NRA and conservatives fault that we have bumpstocks, when it was the Obama administration that legalized them in 2015.
The liberal media and the Democrats are afraid of the FISA abuse investigation because if the DOJ finds out that the FBI did abuse their power, all the evidence obtained from that warrant will be enadmissable in court and that may hurt the Mueller investigation as well.
The DOJ is also going to investigate whether Andrew Weissman, a lawyer in the Mueller investigation, is leaking information from that investigation to the media. It is strange that the media finds out what is happening in that investigation before the public does.
Senator Ron Johnson sent s letter to the DOJ to ask them to investigate whether Former FBI Director James Comey may have lied to a house panel when he said he didn't leak or order anyone else to leak information to the media, because the IG is going to say that MaCabe did.
The DOJ is now investigating why Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe did nothing for 3 weeks after he found out about the new Clinton emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop. It took Former Director James Comey finding out about it to get a investigation started.
@Franceborn @PSupporter46 It doesn't matter it is up to her to tell use when and if she wants to.
@Franceborn @PSupporter46 All true, but that doesn't make him right.
@nerak2nosbig @kathystone1221 Right on!!!!!!!!!
President Trump and Vice President Pence had a meeting with the NRA yesterday and clarified his position on guns. He supports background checks, mental health checks, rising the age to 21, and ending gun free zones, not all that other crazy stuff he said during that meeting.
I agree with President Trump's new proposal to but tariffs on steal and aluminum. A 25% tariff on imported steal and a 10% tariff on imported aluminum will help the steal workers in Middle America and sticks it to trade cheating countries like China and Mexico.
Congressman Adam Schiff, that shifty,beady eyed leaker, was at it again. He is the one who leaked Hope Hicks' white lies comment, to a house panel, to the press to make it look like she admitted to lying for President Trump when she didn't.
We also found out that the DOJ is about to charge Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe with leaking classified information to the press during the 2016 campaign.
Also, House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes sent a letter to the DOJ asking them to conduct a investigation into FISA abuse by the FBI. This could lead to charges obstruction, lying to the Court, or not following FBI rules.
The DOJ is now investigating whether Oakland, California Mayor Libby Schaaf obstructed justice when she warned illegal immigrants that ICE where going to conduct raids in their communities.
Hope Hicks didn't resign because of the Rob Porter scandal or because of her testimony before a house panel. She resigned because she got a better job offer. So, don't listen to the liberal media when they try to make something more of it than that.
Now we find out that Mueller is investigating whether President Trump colluded with Wiki-Leaks to release the John Podesta emails using Roger Stone as a go-between. This is crazy and it proves just how bias the Mueller investigation really is.
If we do that, then we might also have to rise the age to join the military or law enforcement to 21 too. I don't think a lot of people are going to agree with that either.
Also, I don't agree with the rising of the age to buy a gun to 21. Why, because there are a lot of 18 - 20 year olds who fight and die to protect this country in our military and law enforcement communities. Are we going to tell these people they can't buy a gun for their homes.
I also don't, as I said before, believe that a assault weapons ban, that President Trump was talking about will work. Why, because anyone can get a gun from anywhere if they really want one, and it's not the gun that does the killing it is the person firing it.
I was sad to see President Trump say that he wanted to get rid of do process of law when it comes to guns. This is unconditional because you can arrest or confiscate anybody or anything without do process of law.
Also, the Supreme Court gave the Trump Administration another big victory when it ruled that the government can hold immigrants indefinitely, if needed,  without a trial or a hearing.
A Court in California gave a big victory to the Trump Administration. The Court ruled in favor of the Administration beginning to build the border wall and ruled against the State and the environmentalist holding it up, but of course the losers will appeal the decision.
Assault weapons ban don't work and here are 2 examples why. First, the State of Connecticut has had a assault weapons ban since 1993, but Newtown still happened. Second, the State of California has had a assault weapons ban since 1989, but San Bernardino still happened.
20 State Attorney Generals are suing the Trump Administration to end Obamacare. In 2012, the Supreme Court ruled that Obamacare was constitutional as a tax. So, when the Obamacare tax was ended in the tax reform bill, they argue, that Obamacare is no longer constitutional.
That makes the FBI look even worse, when they went after one of their own informants, Carter Page, as a Russian spy even after he helped them break up a Russian spy ring before this.
Democrats also like to say that the Republicans started the funding for the Trump dossier and this is true, but the Republicans stopped paying for it in March 2016 when Trump won the nomination.	After that, the Clinton campaign and the DNC paid 12 million dollars to fund it.
Sixth, if Carter Page was really a spy for the Russians to help them meddle in the election don't you think, after 4 FISA warrants and a year and a half of investigations, the FBI or the Mueller investigation would have charged him with something by now.
Fifth, the FISA application uses information found in the  Trump dossier against Carter Page that the Former FBI Director James Comey said where not verified.
Fourth, the Democratic memo lied when it said that Carter Page was never spied on while he was a member of the Trump campaign. A FISA warrant allows investigators to look into people's past communication as well.
Third, that is why the Senate panel issued a criminal referral to the DOJ because Chris Steele lied to the FBI when he told them he wasn't leaking information to the press.
Second, the FBI lied to the FISA judge when they didn't reveal to the judge that Chris Steele was fired by the FBI for leaking information from his dossier to the press.
More trouble for the Democrats from their own memo. First, the FBI lied to the FISA judge when they didn't reveal that Chris Steele was the soarce of both the Trump dossier and the Yahoo News article that the FBI said corroborated the Trump dossier.
@LouWSytsma I see you like Joy Reid, well according to the Mueller indictments, she is the Russians favorite too.
@LouWSytsma That still doesn't refute the facts that I laid out I'm numbers 1-6.
Sixth, there was a lot of cheap political hits on the Republican Party and against House Committee Chair Devin Nunes in the Democratic memo. There was none of that in the Republican memo.
Fifth, the Democratic memo didn't refute the claim in the Republican memo that Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe testified to a house panel that the Trump dossier was the main reason the FBI got the FISA warrant.
Fourth, according to the Democratic memo, the FBI didn't tell the FISA judge that the Trump dossier was paid for by the Clinton campaign and the DNC. The FBI did tell the FISA judge that it was a political document but didn't tell him how it was.
Third, according to the Democratic memo, the FBI did use the Trump dossier to help get the FISA warrant to spy on Carter Page and the Trump campaign.
Second, according to the Democratic memo, Former FBI Director James Comey lied to a house panel when he said that the Trump dossier wasn't corroborated. According to the Democratic memo, the Trump dossier was corroborated by several sorces.
Well the Democratic memo is out and all it does is corroborate the Republican memo in several ways. First, the Republican memo was only 4 pages and no redactions, while the Democratic memo was 10 pages long and had several redactions.
The liberal media is going crazy over the Rick Gates guilty plea but it means nothing to Trump collusion case because Gates pled guilty to things he did before the election or after the election nothing during the election.There is still no evidence of Trump collusion with Russia
Only 3 intelligence agencies said that the Russian meddled in the election to help the Trump campaign and they were the CIA, the Defense Intelligence Agency, and DHS. All the other 14 didn't.
Former DNI James Clapper, the Obama administration, Hillary Clinton, the entire Democratic party and the liberal media, all lied to the American people when they said all 17 intelligence agencies said that Russian meddled int the election to help the Trump campaign.
Former CIA director John Brennan may be in more trouble because of his testimony to a house panel that he didn't know about the Trump dossier in May of 2017 when the last Obama administration national intelligence estimate used passages from the Trump dossier word for word.
It makes me sick when I see liberal politicians and their friends in the media say that conservatives and NRA members have blood on their hands because some nut shot up a school. It is not their fault that things like that happen. It is the person who does the shooting fault.
I don't agree with President Trump's proposal to rise the age to buy a rifle to 21. There are a lot of 18 to 20 year olds in the military who learn how to use a rifle and when they come home might want to buy a rifle.
I also agree with President Trump's proposal to end gun free zones. Gun free zones are a magnet to every crazy person with a gun who wants to do harm to themselves or others because there is no way for people to fight back.
I also agree with President Trump's proposal to arm and train teachers in school's so that they can defend themselves and their students if there is another school shooting.
I agree with President Trump's new proposal the strengthen background checks for criminal histories and mental health problems before someone is aloud to buy a gun.
Kramer was also the person who gave the Trump dossier to BuzzFeed news the be published on their website and released to the public.
We also found out that Kramer was the person at the State Department who Steele gave the Trump dossier. Then Kramer gave the Trump dossier to Senator McCain and then Senator McCain gave the Trump dossier to the FBI.
David Kramer, a State Department official and a associate of Senator McCain, plead the 5th in front of a House panel when asked who the Russian informants who helped Chris Steele form the Trump dossier were.
13 Russians where indicted on 1 count of defrauding the government, 1 count of wire fraud, 1 count of bank fraud, and 6 counts of identity theft. None of them were charged with rigging the election for Trump. In fact they said that the meddling didn't change the election outcome.
Now we know that the Mueller investigation has found and probably won't find any evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government even though he did find evidence of Russian meddling in the election.
We need more programs for prevention of the violence and for people with mental health problems. If people with problems get help before they get a gun there could be less gun violence.
Has anyone else noticed that the cities and states with the worst gun violence is the cities and states with the strictest gun laws like L.A., Chicago, Baltimore, New Orleans, N.Y.C., D.C., and Pilly. Stricter gun laws don't necessarily stop gun violence.
Plus the American people are rebels. The more you try to take something away from them the more they want it. Just look at the examples in history. Look what happened when they outlawed liquor and drugs. It just made more problems then it solved.
I am tired of Democrats using every tragic shooting to push for gun control. We even have some liberals calling for the repeal of the 2nd Amendment. What they don't understand is that if someone wants to get a gun they are going to get one any way they can.
Does anyone know what Nancy Pelosi's solution is to the border wall is. In an interview yesterday she sad that instead of the wall we should cut all the grass on the border so that people couldn't hide in it. CUT THE GRASS, are you kidding me?
As I said, the Democrats had no intention of passing a DACA fix last week. They don't care what happens to dreamers. They just want to use them for political reasons and to get their votes in the mid-terms. They also don't want to give President Trump another victory.
Today, the stock market was up, we had a threat assessment, and the immigration debate continues, but still the only thing the liberal media is covering is Rob Porter. He's the guy Trump fired a week ago for beating his ex-wives. So, this story was over a week ago.
Now we have learned more from that Susan Rice text from yesterday. In it we find out that the Obama administration may have left out some important evidence of the Russian investigation from Trump because they were afraid that Trump and his team were colluding with the Russians.
Also, Obama DNI James Clapper may be in trouble with the same house committee for what he said on CNN. He said that some of the dossier has been verified, while everyone else said that none of it has. The house committee want him to tell them what parts of the dossier have been.
Now we find out that Obama CIA director John Brennan may have lied under oath to a house committee when he said he didn't know how the dossier was paid for, who paid for it, or how it was used to begin investigations. If we find out that he did he could be charged with contempt.
Then later, General Flynn was blackmailed into pleading guilty to lying to the FBI by Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Mueller threatened the prosecute General Flynn's son if he didn't plead guilty. So he did and the next day the investigation into his son ended.
Well it's a new day and now we find out that the FBI and James Comey said that General Flynn didn't lie to the FBI when he was questioned by agents, they were overruled by the DOJ leadership.
Today, the stock market went up over 400 points and the Senate began discussing imigration reform and all the liberal media could talk about is that guy Porter, who beat his wives and was fired a week ago by the President, and Kim Jong Un's sister at the Olympics.
I don't think the Democrats are serious about solving the DACA problem for two reasons. 1. If the Democrats solve the DACA issue before the election they will not have it to run on. 2. The Democrats don't want to give President Trump another victory that he can run on.
With every passing day and with more and more new information coming out, it looks more and more like the Democrats are the ones who needs to be investigated for collusion with the Russians not Trump.
Now we find out that the NSA were also pranked by the Russians. In 2017, NSA agents met with Russians in Berlin to pay the Russians 100,000 dollars for some dirt they had on President Trump. The agents paid the money but the Russians had nothing and ran away with the money.
We also found out that Susan Rice was in that meeting of which the FBI agents were texting about, but according to Rice's text President Obama said he wanted all the investigations to be done by the book, the the FBI agents say something else. I think Rice is protecting Obama.
Now we learned that President Obama lied when he said he didn't get involved in investigations because in new texts that came out between two FBI agents, President Obama said he wanted to know everything that was going on with the Russian investigation.
It also looks like Senator Warner was in contact with Russians when we found out that Senator Warner spoke through texts with Russians trying to set up a meeting with the creator of the Trump dossier.
Also, Congressman Schiff's memo wasn't released because there was to much national security information in it to be released without redactions. I think it was just a prank by Congressman Schiff to make it look like the President has something to hide.
Also we found out that Congressman Schiff was pranked by the Russians into believing that the Russians had naked pictures of Trump with a prostitute in a hotel room in Russia in 2013. Schiff believed them, but they had nothing.
Remember when Congressman Adam Schiff said that because General Flynn and other Trump campaign supporters went on RT they were working for the Russians. Well it turns out that Congressman Schiff was on RT himself. So, Congressman Schiff must be working for the Russians to.
The Grassley/Graham letter also has some new evidence. It says that the Obama State Department and Clinton campaign allies were feeding information to the people who created the first Trump dossier to make another one to be used against the Trump campaign.
Now with the release of the Grassley/Graham letter, it is just more evidence that proves everything in the Republican house memo is true. The letter corroborates everything that is in the Republican house memo.
Also, Andrew McCabe said that if it wasn't for the Trump dossier that the FBI wouldn't have gotten the FISA warrant to spy on the Trump campaign. I think that the people who knowingly deceived the FISA judge should be charged with a crime and punished.
So without the FBI lying about the fake Trump dossier, they wouldn't have gotten the FISA warrant to spy on the Trump campaign and the entire Russian investigation would never have been started. All the evidence that the FBI got from the illegal wiretaps shouldn't be allowed.
The Republican house memo also shows the the entire Russian investigation began with a lie, when the FBI lied to a FISA judge by not telling him that the Trump dossier was paid for by the Clinton campaign and the DNC.
Remember when President Trump said that the Obama administration was wiretapping his campaign and the liberal media called Trump crazy, but it turns out that Trump was right and the liberal media was wrong. The Republican house memo proves that the Obama administration did do it.
The liberal media doesn't give Trump credit for anything. It reminds me of when Obama was President, the liberal media gave him credit for everything  good that happened and blamed Bush for everything bad. Know they give Obama the credit for the good and Trump for the bad.
It has been 3 days since President Trump's first State of the Union speech and the liberal media still have not given him credit for giving a great speech, even when the polls they had after the speech said the majority of the American people liked the speech.
That means that everything in the house memo is factual accurate and should be accepted as such. I know the liberal media will try to make it look like it is just a partizan document, but everyone who have reviewed it has said it is not.
Two more senior FBI officals read the house memo and they said that there are no factual inconsistenties of any kind in the memo.
...... doesn't sound like the America of today. President Trump's speech sounded like the America of today. Also, I think President Trump had the quote of the night when he shut Democrats up by saying that American children are dreamers to.
It was funny watching Congressman Kennedy talk about the forgotten man in America. Congressman Kennedy wouldn't know what a forgotten man looks like hiding in his home State of Massachusetts talking to people that think the same way he does. He also gave a very dark speech that..
.... wants in the future. It was sad to watch the Democrats sit on their hands and had their asses glued to their chairs all speech long. It was a very uplifting and strong speech that everyone should have been proud of no matter what party you belong to.
What a great State of the Union speech by President Trump. He was finally able to get out all of his accomplishments in the first year, that the liberal media didn't cover and didn't give him credit for, to the public that they haven't heard. Also giving his vision of what he....
...... of any kind on this matter. I am so glad I don't live in his district. I would be ashamed to have Congressman Schiff represent me in Congress. Congressman Adam Schiff is shifty, beady eyed leaker.
I am so tired of listening to Congressman Adam Schiff spin for the Democrats position. There is no evidence against President Trump or his campaign committed any crimes of any kind, and he bad talks the house memo that he hasn't even read. Adam Schiff has no creditability........
..... It would mean that the entire Russian and Mueller investigations were perpetrated by a fraudulent document for a political reason. That reason is to take down President Trump for beating Hillary Clinton
Now we no the house memo will be released to the public. If it turns out that the memo said that the fake Trump dossier ,paid for by the Clinton campaign, was used to get the FISA warrants on the Trump campaign and the creation of the Mueller investigation, it would be bad......
Yesterday, the liberal media tried to blame President Trump for Andrew McCabe resigning from the FBI. As Director Wray said later the was no politics  involved in the decision. Director Wray asked MaCabe to resigning after he learned what was in the house memo on Sunday.
All the liberal media focused on last week was the fact that President Trump thought about firing Robert Mueller. President Trump may have thought about it but he didn't do it, so no big deal. The liberal media made it sound like the world was ending because he thought about it.
The Democrats also voted against giving health care to 9 million low income legal American citizen children in this country to protect illegal immigrants, again the Democrats ought to be ashamed of themselves.
The Democrats ought to be ashamed of themselves for shutting down the government to protect illegal immigrants instead of protecting legal law abiding American citizens.
If the Democrats don't give President Trump what he wants on immigration than there will be no DACA fix, and if they want to waste their time by trying to censure him over his alleged comments than good luck.
Don't forget, this is the same Senator Durbin that compared our troops to Nazis, Soviets, and to Pol Pot's brutal regime in 2005. I can't see how anyone can believe anything that this man says.
Infact, every other person in the room said that President Trump didn't say what Senator Durbin said he said. I think that Senator Durbin should focus more on helping American citizens in his home state and city of Chicago, Illinois than illegal immigrants who don't belong here.
First things first, 1. Senator Dick Durbin leaked the fact that President Trump said what he said. 2. There were 6 people in the room and only Senator Durbin said President Trump said that. 3. Senator Durbin has made false statements before in his past.
I am ashamed to be a Californian when I see the people who are supposed to be representing us,Schiff and Fienstein, breaking the rules like that and getting away with it and receiving no punishment.
Congressman Adam Schiff is also a leaker when he leaked testimony by Donald Trump Jr to the media while the testimony was still going on.
Senator Diane Fienstein is a leaker and she deserves to be called out on it. It wasn't a crime because it was public testimony by the fusion GPS founder but it was still wrong to do it on her own without permission.
President Trump is right, the countries that most immigrants legal or illegal come from are shithole countries and that is why they want to come here so bad. It is a bad way of saying it but it is the truth.
The FBI and DOJ are now complying with House investigators who wanted to see all the documents on Fusion GPS and the Trump dossier, before both departments were charged with contempt of Congress.
The liberal media also doesn't like Trump to tweet because he is taking their job away from them by communicating directly to the people instead of communicating with the people through them.
The liberal media keeps bashing Trump because they don't understand him or the people who voted for him. Trump isn't a normal politician and doesn't govern the way normal politicians do.
Steve Bannon is mad at Trump for firing him, so he said a lot of things against Trump in the book and that is if he even said it. The author of the book is not a well trusted person for telling the full truth.
Now it came out that 2 huge Clinton donors gave $700,000 dollars to a Clinton lawyer to pay for women to accuse Trump of sexual misconduct.
It is funny to watch the liberal media on CNN and MSNBC talking about Trump being mentally ill with no evidence what so ever. It just shows the people how bias these media organizations are.
I think Paul Manafort is right to file a law suit against the Mueller investigation for over stepping the original purpose of the Russian investigation, because what he was charged with has nothing to do with the Russian investigation.
Now it turns out that the Russian lawyer who met with the Trump campaign also met with the people who created the Trump dossier a few hours before and a few hours after that meeting took place. It sounds like a setup to me.
If former president Obama had recognized the protesters in Iran in 2009, instead of negotiating the nuclear deal with them, there might not be a Iranian regime of oppression today. President Trump is doing the right thing in recognizing the protesters this time.
Andrew McCabe is retiring because if he didn't he probably would have been fired because when it came out that he originally recused himself from the Clinton case, then his wife got a campaign contribution for a Clinton friend, then he put himself back on the case.
The left leaning policy tax center released it's findings which said that 80% of Americans will get a tax cut, 15% of Americans will see no change in their taxes, and only 5% of Americans will get a tax increase and all of those people are the rich.
The truth about James Baker's resignation from the FBI, is that it was found out the he met with David Corn and then 2 weeks later the   existence of the fake Trump dossier was released.
Hey Bernie Sanders, the tax cuts for the middle class do expire in 8 years, but they can be renewed at that time or before. Will you vote to make the middle class tax cut permanent when that vote happens, if you are still in the Senate by that time?
The UN is an obsolete organization that is racist against Israel and we should defund it
It is about time that the Obamacare individual mandate was repealed. It was only a tax on poor people who couldn't afford insurance to subsidize those who could.
It is about time that we opened up ANWAR to drilling. We need to become more energy independent from foreign oil. To those environmentalists who oppose this, it is only 2000 acres being opened, there are hundreds of thousands of acres that are still closed to drilling.
Now it turns out that Bruce Ohr ,the Justice Department official who met with the people who created the anti-Trump dossier, was also the one who ordered the DEA to stop the investigation into drug smuggling by Hezbollah in South America to protect the Iran nuclear deal.
Some major corporations and businesses are already planning the give bonuses and pay raises for their employees in the coming year because of the tax reform law that was just passed.
I think the Democrats will pay a huge price in red States in 2018, for not voting for this law, especially those Democrats running for Congress or Senate in those red States.
Congratulations to President Trump and the Republicans for passing the historic tax reform law and hopefully President Trump will sign it into law in the very near future.
Day after day, more and more evidence keeps coming out proving the the Mueller investigation is corrupt and biased against President Trump. Now Mueller may have obtained evidence on Trump transition officials illegally.
Three more Democrats were accused of sexual harassment today. 1. The leader of the Democratic party in the Bay area had to resign. 2. A Virginia Democratic Congressman was accused. 3. Cris Matthews of MSNBC'S Hardball and a former speechwriter for President Carter, paid to end it
I think it was a good thing that Roy Moore lost for two reasons. One reason was that the allegations against him were credible, and the other is that the media will stop talking about him all the time and start reporting on some real news.
I think it is time for a special counsel to investigate the Mueller investigation for partizan bias against the President.
Now, because the Russia investigation is going nowhere, the Democrats are trying to use the old sexual assault allegations against Trump to force him to resign. These allegations came out during the 2016 campaign and the people still voted for Trump. JUST GET OVER IT.
It is just another example of the media and the Democrats jumping the gun before all the evidence is in because every Democratic and every news outlet what's to be the first one to get Trump.
Now we find out that everything that Congressman Cummings so-called whistleblower said to him and the media were all false. The texts he claimed Flynn sent to a friend about ending sanctions on Russia and building nuclear reactors in the Middle East never happened.
All the evidence of collusion that has come out so far, is not collusion between the Trump campaign Russia, but collusion between the FBI, DOJ, special counsel, Clinton campaign, and the DNC, with Russia to overturn the 2016 election.
Now we find out that the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr worked for the people who created the fake Trump dossier. It is just another example of the bias in the Russia investigation.
Now a individual at the DOJ has been demoted for meeting with the people who created the fake Trump dossier. Mister Or should have been fired. This again proves the bias involved in the Russia investigation.
It is sad that Democratic civil rights heroes, like John Lewis and others, played politics with the opening of the civil rights museum just because the President was there. The museum opening should be celebrated by all Americans and there should have been no politics involved.
It looks like assaulting women runs in the Conyers family. John Conyers' son was arrested in February for stabbing his girlfriend, but no charges were filed. His father probably fixed it for him and now he might take his father's place in Congress.
When Trump decided to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel-Aviv to Jerusalem, he was enforcing the Jerusalem embassy act of 1995. This law was on the books for 22 years and no President has enforced it until now
AL Green also wasted the country's time with his impeachment bill that he knew wasn't going to pass. Only 58 Democrats voted for it, while the other Democrats and all the Republicans voted against it.
I agree with the gun bill that passed the house. I think if you have the right to carry a concealed weapon in one state, you should be able to carry one in all states after going through the proper checks and receiving the proper papers.
Elijah Cummings' whistleblower is another waste of time. He says Flynn texted about a nuclear deal with Russia to end the sanctions, but in the end, there was no deal and the sanctions weren't ended. In fact, the sanctions were made stronger.
Now the Democrats are going to force a vote on the impeachment of President Trump. They have no chance but they want to waste their and the people's time with this meaningless vote.
Has anyone noticed that the Democrats are no longer talking about collusion, but now their talking about obstruction of justice. They are throwing everything they can at Trump and hoping something sticks
Here we go again, 2 more members of Mueller's team have been found to have anti-Trump bias. Weissman and Rhee should be immediately removed from the investigation.
Who cares if Trump has businesses in Russia. He was a businessman at the time.
Those who want to get Trump out of office because Clinton lost need to get used to it. The only way he will be leaving office is if we best him in 2020. We need to stop wasting time on investigations and start coming up with ideas to beat him in 2020.
Again, for all those people who still can't believe that Trump won the 2016 election need to get over it. There is no evidence of any crime by Trump or his campaign.
The Supreme Court just allowed the full enforcement of President Trump's travel ban. Big victory for him. I don't agree at all with it, but I have to give him his victory.
Now it's time to focus on the most important thing and that is to protect our elections in the future.
The Mueller investigation has no more creditability to continue and must end.
The Mueller investigation has not found any evidence of any collision of any kind anyway.
The entire Mueller investigation is a bias, totally partisan attempt to overturn the 2016 election and most end now. The amount of tax payer money being spent on this is no longer necessary.
The Mueller investigation is tainted by all the latest news. The FBI agent who was removed from the investigation for anti-Trump statements, was also involved in the Clinton e-mail case. This is a clear conflict of interest.
The house intelligence committee is citing the FBI with contempt of Congress for not letting them know why one of its agents were removed from the Mueller investigation.
That is why I think the polls saying Jones is going to beat Moore are wrong because there are a lot of people who are afraid to admit to pollsters they are for Moore because of the allegations against him.
I think there are still alot of people who lie to the pollsters because they are afraid to admit that they are for Trump in public.
For all the liberals who want to believe in these polls that show Trump doing bad, remember, these are the same polls that said Trump had on chance to be President but he is.
It turns out that I was right, there is now clear evidence that the Mueller investigation is bias against President Trump. Mueller had to fire one of his investigators for using anti Trump statements
I believe that the media is more bias against Trump then they were against Nixon during Watergate.
There is the same bias in the newspapers too. There are very few papers that you can read the real news and not just Russia.
The media is so biased against Trump, it is hard to watch any news except for FOX because they are the only network that provide all the news good and bad instead of just Russia
Now former President Obama gave a speech saying, that if he watched Fox News he wouldn't vote for himself and if he read the New York Times he would. He just proved the existence of media bias by himself.
All the Democrats who are in denial about losing the tax reform fight better wake up, it is over. The tax reform bill will make it through the conference committee and become law, get over it.
According to Politico, there is evidence of bias in the FBI against Trump. I am sure that there is bias against Trump in the Mueller investigation to.
Those comparing the Russia investigation of Trump don't know their history. There was evidence proving that Nixon was guilty. So far, there is no evidence proving that Trump is guilty of anything.
Anyone bashing John McCain because of his vote ought to be ashamed of themselves. This war hero who is dying of cancer should be praised for his volume of good work he has done for this country, not bashed for voting for something that some people don't agree with.
Soon, some red States might start picking and choosing what laws they want to follow
Sanctuary cities and states have a constitutional duty to enforce federal immigration law. If they don't like the laws than change the laws with legislation. You can't pick and choose which laws you can and can't enforce.
Bob Mueller has had almost half a year and so far has found no evidence of the Trump campaign colluding with Russia.
The only reason why Bob Mueller is trying so hard to nail President Trump is because he fired his best friend James Comey because he was a bad FBI director.
Now in AL Franken's case, he has admitted to the allegations and in my view must resign. The same with John Conyers, he actually paid one of his accusers to keep quiet and for that I think he must resign to.
Plus, in Roy Moore's case, the allegations have not and most probably will not be proven in time to beat him.
Everyone knows that Roy Moore is going to win in Alabama because the allegations against him are 40 years old and they just now come out, not to say that I don't believe the women, but it just looks bad that it took this long to come out.
Will no longer have to pay that yax
I hope the GOP keep the repeal of the Obamacare  mandate in the tax bill when it comes out of committee, so that the 80% of those  american's making less than 50,000 dollars
I hope the GOP keep the repeal of the Obamacare  mandate in the tax bill when it comes out of committee, so that the 80% of those  american's making less than 50,000 dollars
I think the Mueller investigation is just one big waste of time and money. The only indictments he has gotten are for things people have done way before or way after the election.
I think we should move on from the 2016 election and start worrying about how to protect our elections from the Russians in 2018 and 2020.
Frankly, I am sick and tired of all this Russia stuff. The FBI and Bob Mueller have been investigating Russian collision with the Trump for almost 2 years now. If there was anything I'm sure they would have found it by now.
With an 8% flat tax rate, this country might even get some foreign investment into it along with most if not all of our jobs and businesses coming back to the country.
Personally, I don't believe the GOP tax plan goes far enough. I would like to see the elimination of all the brackets, loopholes, and deductions. While everyone pays the same flat rate of 8%. Imagine the growth the country could have with that.
I was a Bernie Sanders guy until he sold out to Clinton and the Democrats so that he could become part of their leadership. He should have ran as a independent after he found out that the DNC rigged the primary election for Clinton.
Bernie Sanders and the Democrats are running around saying that this new tax plan cuts Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security, but this is a lie. They are just trying to make older people afraid of the new bill because they lost.
This is why Obamacare has failed
People would rather pay the tax than buy the insurance because it is cheaper to pay the tax instead of paying for the coverage, co-pays, and deductible that they can't afford.
80% of those who pay the tax ,instead of buying health insurance, make less than 50,000 dollars a year.
I also hope that the repeal of the individual mandate of Obamacare is in the final bill because this is a tax on poor people who can't afford to pay for health insurance
The new tax reform will also make it easier for people to file their taxes now that there is less loopholes and deductions.
Lowering the corporate tax will create more jobs, higher wages, and bring more jobs and money back from overseas.
The bad thing about tax increases is that it highers inflation. Rich people and businesses  don't pay taxes, they pass the tax increase on to the consumer by raising the prices on their goods and making us pay for it
The bad thing about tax cuts is that it highers the deficit without spending cuts, but it will help both the rich and the poor because people and businesses get to keep more of their own money.
Now, the hypocritical Democrats are bashing John McCain because he is for tax reform
It is not true that the Democrats stopped Trumpcare , it was John McCain.
The Democrats also need new and younger  leadership at the top of the party, with new and younger ideas
As long as the Democrats continue to play the class warfare and identity politics cards, without any new ideas, they will continue to be a minority party
Most people forget, that both Kennedy and Johnson cut taxes to spur economic growth
I miss the Democratic party of my dad's day, when Kennedy and Johnson ran the party. They believed in political and social justice, will still believing in a strong military and less government intrusion in people's personal lives
The Democrats playing that same old class warfare card is getting old and tired just like their leadership
Alot of the poor, like myself,pay no federal income tax at all.
Any tax cut will benefit the rich because the rich pay the most in taxes.
Find friends by uploading your contacts | Twitter Help Center https://t.co/VN8M3jKPAD via @TwitterSupport