Sister Sushma Sowaraj, you are very welcome at OIC conference .	We, the people of Balochistan are very proud of Narendra Modi and your presence in political arena.
If the India--Afghanistan sovereignty are intact and guaranteed, Pakistan's existence sans any doubt meets to its ends.
Baloch, Don't give in for missing persons. Step up your attacks on Pakistan army installations in occupied Balochistan. You certainly get the good results.
India shot down an F 16 of Pakistan air force on Wednesday.
Pakistan is using American F 16 fighter jets and Abraham tanks agains Indian forces. America has supplied these modern air and ground arsenals on the conditions of not to be used against India and Afghanistan.
جب 3500 سال پہلے فارسی شاعر فردوسی نے بلوچ فوج اور ساسانی فوج کے درمیان خونی جنگوں کا ذکر کیا تھا تو آج کا بلوچ کلچر ڈے منا کر کس کو بیوقوف بنانے کی کوشش کر رہا ہیے ؟
Pakistan is filing lie upon lie about downing Indian Jets while the fact is that Pakistan's F 16 has been brought down this morning by Indian surface--air missile.
The land and the people of Balochistan are with India against Pakistan at this critical moment.
In 1971, the Pakistan army was surrundering in Pulton ground of Dahka but Islamabad was showing a big V. and today they say the Indian Jets dropped their fuel tanks and escaped. Can you believe on such lies?
Not sixty kelo meter incursion but 100 KM. https://t.co/uTAWcKxgMh
The Indian incursion this morning is 100 KM to Bala Cote. Most of Jaish e Mohammad terrorist camps were destroyed. Such kind of air raids must be carried out in Bahwalpoor and Afghan-Pak bordering regions against Haqqani and LeT blood suckers.
Balochistan will support India in any Pakistan-India war.
India has the right to respond the same to Pakistan. All the world supports India to take the punitive measures, in order, to obstruct the terrorist attacks on Indian territory.
Strange, Pakistan wants evidence to prove its participation in pluama incident, while the head of Jaish e Mohammad, Moulana Saeed is claiming the sole responsible of this attack. What else evidence Pakistan is looking for?
We do not accept any negotiation between America and Taliban if it held in Pakistan.
We reject any negotiation between America and Taliban that will be held in Pakistan.
India, ink  defense accord with Afghanistan and secure your Western  border regions from Pakistan breeding terrorists.
Kulbhoshan Yadau, the so-called Indian spy, had never been in Pakistan. He was abducted from a neighboring country by Molla Omar and handed up to Pakistan's ISI.
Being the breeder and exporter of terrorism and repeated aggression against India and Afghanistan, Pakistan has lost its credibility and right of existence to be on the surface of the Universe.
whole the global democratic countries should condemn the Pakistani terrorist aggressions against India.
The survival of Afghanistan's secular governance is the peace and security of Indian Western border regions. India has to establish concrete relations with Afghanistan.
For the sake of survival, India has not any other option but to declare a war against Pakistan.
Pulwama like attacks will be repeated unless Pakistan is given a sever response.
کیا ٹرانسجنڈر کو شادی کی ضرورت ہوتی ہیے ؟ https://t.co/fzKY37wjAQ
یہ بلاول ہاؤس کی سیدہ ہیے باہر کی نہیں . https://t.co/WVigxk7DlB
Jaish e Mohammad of Pakistan terrorist group killed 24 Indian civilian in Kashmir yesterday. India should implement Israel policy in retaliation .
I strongly condemn the American and Saudi Arabian conspiracies to destabilize the peace and security in Sistan-Balochistan province by terrorist groups of Jaish e Adal and Jundollah.
جہاں تک میرا خیال ہیے سندھ اسمبلی سے زیادہ مناسب مقام ھیرامنڈی ہیے جہاں حاضر و سابقہ کی کوئی ضرورت نہیں ہوتی ہیے . https://t.co/xuiXZCq80D
you are wrong. Ashraf Ghani is talking fact. Do not call Pakistan, but Punjabistan. https://t.co/CwZ60Sh4Vb
بی این پی مینگل ، بی این پی عوامی ، این پی اور باپ گوادر کی بازیابی کے لئیے قومی اسمبلی میں قرارداد پیش کریں کیونکہ گوادر میں اسلام آباد کی اتھاریٹی اس ملک کی فیڈریشن پر مبنی سیسٹم کی خلاف ورزی ہیے .
Pakistan must be slashed out from any negotiations of Taliban and America. Pakistan's participation in this regard will be a catastrophe to the peace, security and integrity of Afghanistan.
Strange. Pakistan is crying for Kashmir, while its forces are killing and annihilating the people of Balochistan.
Pakistan is an unnatural State. The terrorist breeding and exporting is its State policy of income and the tool is blackmailing the regional and global countries.
who is this Bellu Rani? https://t.co/pZ3VmnuVu2
بڑی بات نہیں ہیے . مرد ذات کو عورت کی طرح بات کرنے کی تقلید نہیں کرنی چائیے . غلط فہمیاں پیدا ہوتی ہیں مگر اکثر اس کو حقیقت سمجھتے ہیں . https://t.co/pZ3VmnuVu2
Shame on Pakistan, that in one hand is annihilating the people of Balochistan, and on the other hand is celebrating Kashmir day. Both of Kashmir are the undeniable parts of India. Pakistan has to hand its held Kashmir to New Delhi.
After the loot and plunder of Iraqi natural resources and Libyan oil and gold, now is the time to plunder the Venezuelan oil, gold and gas by America and E.U. States.
The Punjabi army is the killer of Arman Luni. The killers must be arrested and tried in civilian court.
The Iraq oil and gas have been plundered by America and Britain. The gold of Mohamar Qadafi looted by Washington and London. And now it is the time of Venezuelan oil and gas. America is in forefront.
Mr. Z.A. Bhutto had mutilated this country. It was a big treason that he had paid for. https://t.co/lzRWKSOkA1
50000 Baloch have been abducted. If one of the abducted is released, 200 more is abducted by Punjabi army. So, where is Sardar Akhter Mengal's 6 point agenda whether it an agenda or a conspiracy of slow poison to Baloch national struggle?
Zardari is a ten per cent figure. How come you had forgotten him? https://t.co/xyNUPGv7Pm
India has to realise that any Taliban set up in Afghanistan will pose a disaster in its Western border regions. So, New Delhi must ink a defense accord with Kabul to keep the Taliban off the power.
Sir, do not forget the Balochistan issue. https://t.co/9UxUlbclL2
We reject the American intervention in the internal affairs of Venezuela and demand of Washington to halt its interference in Caracas. https://t.co/lXyiymi0AF
Dr. Jill Stein, this is the American democracy based on killing the innocent people of various nations. This democracy is a partner of Saudi Arabia in killing the people of Yemen and razing the infrastructure of that country, in order, to appease the Tyrant and dictator Al- Saud. https://t.co/xqHpbgT5NJ
There is a distinguished difference in how about of the blood" the patriotic blood and the traitorous blood. You cannot compare the Nehru blood with the cheaters. https://t.co/Ln4fqHGwSQ
BRAS, the united Baloch struggle is much active than before and expanded to every areas of Balochistan. More of activities, more of the results.
The presence of religion and religious activities must be eliminated from Balochistan.
حامد میر کو سردار عثمان بزدار کے متعلق بات کرنے پر اظھار معذرت کرنے کی ضرورت ہیے . سردار بزدار ایک وزیر اعلی ہیں جبکہ حامد میر ایک اینکر پرسن .
آصف علی زرداری کا . https://t.co/EX1agyvTcS
آپے نے تو دس سال حکومت کی مگر سوائے لپ اسٹک لگانے کے کسی شوکت خانم ہسپتال بنانے کا خیال کیوں نہیں آیا ؟ https://t.co/UtgWV6pPmz
I demand PM's resignation on the issue of Baloch missing persons.
Welcome Maria Fernandez to Pakistan for discussing Balochistan issue.
Afghanistan and Balochistan were/are two brother States and will remain so for ever and ever.
بلوچ کی لاش بغیر ڈی این اے ٹیسٹ کے دفنائی جارہی ہیے اور کچھ بے غیرت و بے حیاء بلوچ پنجابی قاتلوں کی گود میں بیٹھے ہوے ہیں .
congratulation for the unity. https://t.co/qSdBExb3ke
well said Mr. Javad Zarif. https://t.co/fTE34DigB3
جالب کو ڈھال بنا رہے ہو وہی جالب جس کو تمہارے آقا بھٹو نے جیل میں ڈال دیا تھا . شرم تم کو مگر نہیں آتی . https://t.co/ZQlHx0yEQd
Chief Justice Saquib Nesar embraced with 50 Karod rs and a flat in London as bribe by Asif Ali Zardari.
zardari's statement for Balochistan rights is his hostility to Imran's government. If he had any sympathy to Baloch misery he wouldn't have destroyed Lyari.
The global human rights institution must embrace attentions of Pakistan's forced diversions of Hindu girls into Muslim faith.
Baloch, for the survival of people and land, join BRAS for Balochistan.
بالکل درست فرما کر نمک حلالی کر رہی ہیں آپ، کیونکہ یہ وہ شخص ہیے جس نے صلح کے مسودہ کو یو این میں پھاڑ کر ادھر تم اور ادھر ہم کا سلوگن دے کر اس ملک کو توڑا تھا. https://t.co/nuEYFbxyJF
Asif Ali Zardari is a close friend of Chief Justice Saqib Nisar, so he is not afraid of charge sheets.
اگر رزاق داود کمپنی کے بجائے یہ اومنی زرداری کمپنی کو دی جائے تو؟ https://t.co/9XL3qwpyM4
What if the construction gifted to Omni-Zardari group? https://t.co/qZxytTES2s
Pakistan government has accepted the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's offer of $ 6 billion, in order, to deploy Pakistani forces in the war against Houti rebels in Yemen.
Baloch, boycott all Pakistan means in Balochistan. Radio, TV, films, cable network, transportations, food and even the Urdu language.
Je voudrais envois mon bien et  bon félicitations pour nouvelle âne 2019 à monde de là Rpublique du Français.
Meine gratulieren für neues Jahrs 2019 zu den Leuten des Deutschland, und liebe Kanzlarin Angela Merkel.
Pakistan's judicial system is corrupt and slave to Punjabi army. The so-called supreme court, on the behest of Punjabi army, dismissed Balochistan legal government in 1973, and still is silent on current Baloch missing person's issue.
Pakistan's Chief Justice is himself a bribe taker and thief.	How to expect him to do justice.
شما بلوچ ھستید . نام خانوادہ ات چرا بلوچی شدہ ؟ https://t.co/B5nUXj6lWo
سارے مسنگ پرسنز پنجابی آرمی کی کسٹڈی میں ہیں . پنجابی آرمی انہیں ریلیز کرے یا نہ ، بلوچ قومی تحریک روز بروز مضبوط اور مستحکم ہوتی جائیگی . ہمارے بلوچ جنرل اور کرنل اپنا قومی فریضہ بخوبی نبھائینگے .
She was responsible of Punjabi army defeat in Kandhar and Jalalabad. She had claimed to be the secular. How she had perpetrated such a crime against  a secular Afghanistan of Dr. Najeebullah? https://t.co/fJ57W77pFX
Don't admire her Mr. Mir.	She was the person who ordered the Punjabi army to invade Afghanistan. She was responsible of Punjabi army in Kandhar and Jalalabad. https://t.co/KuxYXDNhm0
That everyone claims so. Don't forget you ppp had destroyed Lyari on the promises of creating it as Paris. You PPP are cheaters and liars beside being the thugs. https://t.co/n3Xm8s4sYc
I demand the UEA government to release Mr. Rashid Hussain Al-Boloushi, who has been abducted by Sharqa authorities on 26th of December 2018, in order, to extradite to Pakistan.
أطلب من دولة امارات العربية المتحده بإفراج فوري السيد راشد حسين البلوشي الذي تم اختطافه من إمارة الشارقة في 26 من ديسامبر 2018 علشان يتسلمه إلى باكستان .
Congratulation India for administering the sea port of Chabhar on the bottle neck of Indian Ocean.
Baloch, do not allow any religious Molla, Molana, Molavi to enter Balochistan, and consider them as the Punjabi soldiers in war against Baloch.
For the security of Western border regions, India should ink a solid defence accord with Afghanistan, paving the way for stationing the Indian army along the Afghanistan--Pakistan borders under the observation of United Nations.
I wish Amarullah Saleh to be the President of Afghanistan, in order, to teach Pakistan a strong lesson.
This is judgement day for the terrorist wife Killer Zardari and retaliation of Lyari that had been destroyed by this criminal beast. https://t.co/qq2uNvbCUG
and you were the part of this government for ten years. were not you? https://t.co/5QEUe9jf4l
محترمہ اپ کے لیڈر نے تو ملک کو ادھر ہم اور ادھر تم کے موضوع پر ٹکڑے کر دیا اب دوسروں پر تنقید کہاں کا انصاف ہیے . https://t.co/ZZ7kxVyEvI
Pakistan is a fake State like its founder M.A. Jenah. Jenah, being a barrister, had never stood before a court bench to claim for the liberation of India, but was gifted with a Britt base called Pakistan!
Formation of Baloch resistance forces BRAS in occupied Balochistan, is the great accomplishment for the liberation of the occupied land. Each and every Baloch has to join BRAS.
Pakistan's presence in recent Afghan negotiations is not justified as, Islamabad is the creator of instability in Afghanistan and must be punished for that and that will certainly be the solution for peace in Afghanistan.
For the sake of humanity, the international democratic community should demonstrate a little bit sympathy to the genocide of the people of Balochistan by Pakistan army.
پی پی پی نے لیاری کو پیرس بنایا ، اس کے متعلق بات کریں . مراد سعید اور عارف علوی کو چھوڑ دیں . https://t.co/wcmldhkBu2
Federation!!!!!!!!!! https://t.co/ICQlyVWQIY
Bilkol kam keys hai. Rozana hazaroon Bache bhook se halak ho rage hain thar main.	Aur Lyari bhi Paris ban gaya hai.	Lahnat ho tum par aur tumari Baloch hone par. https://t.co/B8844ITyT0
هل بیعة لقاتل المجرم محمد بن سلمان تعتبر ولاء للوطن ؟ https://t.co/i8TMq3mD8V
میرے خیال میں آپ کی تنقید سے PPP تو اقتدار میں نہیں آ سکتی ہیے. https://t.co/Qoh3PHJADk
اس میں آپ کی پریشانی کا کیا سبب ہیے ؟ https://t.co/TRI5APhgeM
Human rights!!!!, where are your claims regarding the genocide of the people of Balochistan by Pakistan army?  You haven't done any condemnation to Pakistan's annihilation policy in Balochistan, not so far ? https://t.co/XplxlAgpLy
Aap ki pareshani ka sabab? https://t.co/TRI5APhgeM
If the Americans had had any wisdom they wouldn't have dragged Pakistan on a negotiation table to solve a problem which has been created by the same Islamabad.
It is because of misconduct of the NP that pave the way for another Punjab slave like you to get the bounty. https://t.co/yyxiYRWzTS
Pakistan has agreed on the American proposal of peace negotiations with Taliban about ending the war in Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, to tackle the wisdom of American President Donald Trump for requesting Pakistan to assist in Afghan peace negotiation, with having the knowledge that Islamabad is the creator of instability in Afghanistan!.
After the election adjustment in Kech with the drug dealer Imam Bizenjo, Sardar Akhter Mengal's claim of the short time to meet PM and Chief of army staff on the Baloch missing persons is not acceptable by the people of Balochistan.
India should invite Baloch leader Berahamdug Bugti in India for regional discussions and Balochistan affairs.
what had she done with her slogan of Roti, kapada aur Makan?	The people of Sindh were/are still suffering from starvation. https://t.co/3kLYPA4Bxy
what she did for her slogan of kapada, Roti aur Makan ?	The people of Sindh were suffering from starvation and are still suffering the same. https://t.co/3kLYPA4Bxy
آپ کا اشارہ آصف زرداری پر تو نہیں؟ https://t.co/2NiNVdcaTn
What a stupidity, issuing white paper! you were in power for 5 years. What you had been doing?	The white paper must be issued for you and the inept Zardari first if the justice rightly fulfilled. https://t.co/POOH0rfIM6
You have many rattling snakes in your own cupboard. You are directly involved in the war in Yemen. Killing innocent people and destroying the infrastructure are your perpetrated crimes in Yemen, so don't blame others for doing their legitimate obligation. https://t.co/FKtdlBCvUF
Pakistan must respect Balochistan's sovereignty and withdraw its occupying forces.
Moulana Fazalurrahman of JUI is the ugliest fundamental figure in Pakistan. He and moulana Ghafoor and Hafiz Husain Ahmad must be arrested and their political party banned.
The China Embassy in Karachi is stormed by BLA, Balochistan Liberation Army.	Balochistan liberation army and other Baloch resistance forces are against the Beijing presence in Balochistan.
BRAS is a defence force against Pakistan army in Balochistan. Pakistan has to withdraw its occupying forces from Balochistan and respect the sovereignty of Baloch land.
They killed Balach, killed Nawab Akber Bugti, killed Ghulam Mohammad and now are abducting our women and children. Raping our sisters and demanding the Husbands to divorce their wives 	And still we insist that Baloch are braves!
well said Ashley Williams. https://t.co/WMORCv3EzB
strange, Imran is selected but zardari who was the most corrupt and thief, was not selected. https://t.co/Zenx1AXKVV
The British student, who is given life sentence in UAE, must be released at once.
Pakistan is now dependent on lies. sacrificing 75000 Pakistanis is a lie. informing Washington of bin Laden's presence in Pakistan is also a lie. The American set back in Afghanistan is because of Pakistan's proxy forces infiltration into Afghanistan.
Did you realize Pakistan's double standard policy to cheat its own population regarding President Donald Trump's decision of suspension of all aids to Islamabad. President Donald Trump in using English in Twitter while Pakistan premier using Urdu in response , as not to be read
The American and NATO set back in Afghanistan is due to Pakistan's proxy forces infiltration into Afghanistan to disrupt the allied activities and create instability.
How come, the Sana Baloch was not with the Baloch women and children protesters in Quetta yesterday?
Pakistan has benefited in Afghan war and still blackmailing America for more billions of dollars with the threat of infiltration of more Haqqani proxy forces into Afghanistan.
For the sake of $ 413 billions arsenal package, Donald Trump will not take any action against Mohammad bin Salman in killing of Jamal Khashooggi.
what about Mohammad bin Salman when the Americans know that he is committed the murder of Jamal Khashoggi ?
stay away from blackmailing. https://t.co/YwyPALOug5
but Nawaz Sharif had never deposited such gifts. https://t.co/dLvEQjMUaX
But Nawaz Sharif had never deposited such gifts into government treasury . https://t.co/dLvEQjMUaX
don't throw stones when you are living in a glass house. https://t.co/sz2uuRS7g0
Dr. Kahoor Baloch Khan https://t.co/yh8j54TRht
Over the Russian meddling, attack by NYT on Facebook is injustice and must be stopped sans wasting a second.
اگہ بلوچءِ بہ گوش ایت کہ بلوچستانءَ پہ دینی و مذھبی بنیاتاں اقلیت است گڈءَ آ مردم بلوچءِ نہ انت و بائدنت کہ چشیں بلوچ چہ قومی و راجی ریشگ او روتگاں ولگوج کنگ بہ بیت .
مرزبانان ایران در پی سیاست خصمانہ عربستان سعودی و آمریکا در بازداشت ھای ارتش بنیاد پرستانہ پاکستان ھستند . ما از دولت پاکستان کہ ھمجوار ماست می خواھیم کہ رابطہ دوستی ما را در ارضای ریاض و واشنگتن بھم نزند و بہ سرعت مرزبانان ایران را آزاد کند .
The BNP-M is an accomplice of Punjab army in killing and genocide of Baloch.
Where stands the so-called great leader of Balochistan Sadar Akhter Mengal, when despite of his 6 points agenda, the Baloch are being killed and subjected to enforced disappearances?.
Pakistan's financial help must be stopped till the blasphemy law is stripped off from the constitution of this country.
On fourth November, the democracy will meet its dead end when America targets Iran's oil industry with a one sided decision, far from the United Nations chart of demands.
The fourth November is signaling, another American defeat of oil shut sanctions against Iran is in sight and visible to all.
Kick out the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from the United Nations.
عجيب والله عجيب ، قتلتوه ذبحتوه و الآن قدمتموه العزا . والله ما تستحون يا آل سعود . لعنة الله على اصولكم يا عديم الشرف و الكرامة . https://t.co/UvKt9ECXQ6
King Salman and his Son must be tried at Hague in Nederland for the killing and mutilating the body of Jamal Khashoqji.
To maintain solid bilateral relations, the Authorities in Pakistan should strive hard to release the abducted Iranian border guard from the captive of their proxy forces of Jaish e Adal and Jundollah, and avoid of repeating such as events in future.
Pakistan army's explanation of searching chasing the culprits of abduction of Iranian border guards is an old policy to obtain time for fading slowly the heating situation, while the reality is the terrorist groups of Jaish  Adal and Jundolla are indulging the support of Pak army
We strongly condemn the abduction of Iranian border guards by Pakistan backed terrorist groups of Jaish e Adal and Jundollah. We urge the Pakistan government to arrest the culprits and assure the safe release of the captives.
The C.J. Saqib Nisar must be ashamed of himself by cursing and abusing the Chief minister of Punjab, Mr. Buzdar.
All the Punjab related supreme courts and other governmental institutions are against the provincial Chief minister Buzdar for being a Baloch origin.
John Kerry is not hired by anyone. Marco Rubio's charge is baseless. Marco is trying to muddle the water to hunt his desired fish. https://t.co/QGqFKg2LNL
جان کیری ھیچ دخالتی در امور ھستہ ای ندارد و آجیر کردہ ھیچ مصدری نیست . اتھام مارکو روبیو بی اساس است . https://t.co/FrQhPHhOAK
Dr.Kahoor Baloch Khan. https://t.co/OPXMvrWGSJ
Russia is not serious in Syria as like the then Soviet Union in Afghanistan. The Israel jets flew over Russian air bases but not even a warning shot fired by Russians. Do not trust on Russians. They are cowards. They were defeated by some Taliban in Afghanistan.
کیا فیصلہ ہو گئے ہیں تھر کے متعلق ؟	ھر ایک سوال پر اسی طرح کے جوابات دے کر مسئلہ کو دفن کیا جاتا ہیے . https://t.co/6aHZzEWNta
We object the presence of Pakistan citizens in Bahrain, UAE and Oman. We are the majority and have our say in administrations, military and civil forces.	Baloch citizens of GC.
Hamid Mir,	We welcome Bahrain's decision of not allowing Pakistani to enter Bahrain. Bahrain police force and military are 80% Baloch and also the inhabitants.	UAE  has the same in police and army. Oman has the 90% Baloch citizen in army. We never allow a single pakistani in GC. https://t.co/yHFd3cT0EP
America is keen to provide chemical weapon to Idlib rebels and accuse Syrian government for the upcoming chemical attack.
Pakistan army is burning down Baloch residential units, villages and towns in Balochistan. https://t.co/LTmRoKzymP
Very soon and very soon. Each and every dictator are subjected to punishment, by the courts and by the suffered people. https://t.co/7KBoFTSsPo
Koolenge o Kahmanchi habar eshent ke Balochistan shodeeg o tunnig o bazzagin.	Cha Hodawand Pak a doha be kaneth ke Balochistan a Aabad o Sar Sabz be kanth.
What kind of justice it is that you bombard the school buses, kill the children and raze the hospitals, schools and all infrastructure and invite the victims for negotiation in Geneva.	Long live Houtis, long live Yemen.
عمران خان نے عاطف میاں کے نکال کر سیکولر سیسٹم کو چیلنج کیا ہیے جو اس کی سب سے بڑی غلطی ہیے .
If Qadiani is not Muslim, but he is  human being. He is created by God Al-Mighty. You are not the God to take decisions and you don't have the right comparing the humanity on religion and faith basis.
Farooq Qureshi, the Pakistan F.M. is a big liar for his claim of" not any do more " in meeting with Mike Pompeo.	Pakistan has agreed to proceed to help America in Afghan affairs.
Pakistan has assured America to cooperate on the issue of Afghanistan by encouraging Taliban for negotiating with Kabul administration. Mike Pompeo has agreed of releasing $ 300 million to Pakistan for doing more policy on Afghanistan.
Pakistan is deploying large numbers of Tank and armoured vehicles along the Dalbandin- Helmand Borders to invade and occupy Afghanistan.
General Miller, instead, of offering peace negotiations to Taliban, has to offer such proposal to Pakistan army which is involved in Afghan destabilization, in order to occupy and subject Afghanistan as its fifth province.
Denial of Holocaust is an insult to martyrdom and humanity.
صدارتی امیدوار کے لئیے مولانا فضل الرحمان کو پیپلز پارٹی کے خورشید شاہ کی حمایت حاصل تھی اور شاہ کے مطابق مولانا فضل الرحمان بہترین صدارتی امیدوار ہیں .
جان محمد صاحب ، آپ کی پارٹی NP کا تو انتقال ہو چکا اور تدفین بھی ہو گئی ہیے . اب غصہ دوسروں پر کیوں نکال رہے ہیں . https://t.co/cJCbCqHQXf
دیگءَ گوں 3 سنگاں گوشت کہ شما سیاہ او سیاہ ات بلے دیگءَ وتی بن نہ چار ایت . https://t.co/7Lt2ODXwWB
اگر ہم بلوچ عوام میں قومیت اور بلوچستان دوستی کے شعور کا فقدان نہ ہوتا تو ہم کیسے سردار اختر مینگل ، ڈاکٹر مالک اور میر حاصل خان بزنجو کو اپنا لیڈر تسلیم کرتے ؟
یہ عمر چیمہ اتنا بکواس کیوں کر رہا ہیے؟ بھئی، آپ کے ٹٹو صاحب نے 35 سال حکمرانی میں گذارے . ابھی تو عمران خان کے 35 دن بھی نہیں ہوے ہیں . https://t.co/0Bg1UpdKRv
I do not think Khorsheed Shah of PPP can succeed in creating the confusion in Presidential election by the claim of PTI consent to Ehtezaz Ahsan. PPP's ex speaker is only clever to cheat PMLN, but not the PTI.
Declining and undermining the ( Holocaust) in retaliation by any source, worshipers of faith and religion is an insult to the humanity and character.
زعيم حركة بلوشستان ليست خير بيار المري بل زعما الثلاث ، اولا دكتور الله نظر والثاني براهمدغ حفيد الزعيم أكبر بوغتي الشهيد و الثالث خير بيار المري . و أكثرهم فعالا هو الدكتور الله نظر ، صاحب جيش التحرير البلوشستان في منطقة مكران . https://t.co/QrV3gj4Xox
Will the President Donald Trump have any objection or consent over nomination of the terrorist leader Moulana Fazalurrahman as the next President of Pakistan?
if Pakistani claim about Kulbhushan being an Indian spy is justified, then let the accused be tried in an impartial court and in the presence of impartial journalists.
The United Nation is only seeking human rights violations in anti-American countries, while the beheading of woman rights activists in Saudi Arabia is being ignored because Saudi Arabia is an oil rich and ally to America.
We urge United Nations to probe the execution of a female rights activists in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia by the King Salman.
The global community must address the beheading of a Saudi woman by the dictator King of this stone age country.
Kulbhution is not a spy. He has never been in Pakistan. He has been abducted by the terrorist Molla Omar and handed to Pakistan ISI .
Beheading a female rights activists in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, is not only an insult to the global democratic system, but also a slap on the faces of all Muslims who believe the Mecca and Madina as the Holy shrines.
Asif Zardari is leaving Pakistan for good. The Chief Justice of Pakistan by not arresting Zardari is assisting him for departure before listing his name into ECL.
پنجاب کی وزارت اعلی کے منصب کی عزت و محبت پر یہ سارا شور مچا نہیں ہیے ، بلکہ یہ سب نفرت و حقارت سردار بزدار کی بلوچیت ہونے پر ہیے . لعنت ہو تم سب پنجابیوں کی ذات اور تہذیب پر . تم پنجابی سب بد ذات اور کم اصل ہو .
The Chief Justice of Pakistan is backing Mr.Asif Zardari as not to be arrested by authorities on the charges of corruption and money laundering.
Taliban terrorists must be stopped and defeated in Afghanistan, in order, to maintain peace and security in Middle East and central Asia. America and India have to fulfill their obligations to eliminate the Taliban threat.
سردار اختر مینگل اور بھوتانی کا جس عاجزی اور بیچارگی سے پنجابی اسمبلی میں جھک جھک کر گڑ گڑانا ان کی فطرتی نوکری و غلامی کو ظاھر کرتا ہیے .
اغواء ہونے والے بلوچوں کی بازیابی کا حل پنجابی آرمی اور آئی ایس آئی کے ہاتھ میں ہیے اور افغانستان سے مفاہمت کا بھی . یہ فاروق قریشی اور عمران کے کنٹرول سے باہر ہیں .
Baloch sahib, mobarak ho Punjab CM post.
کہاں ہیں بد ذات سردار اختر مینگل اور میر حاصل بزنجو جو بانوک رفعت بلوچ کوئلو کی ساکنہ کی چیخ پکار نہیں سن رہے ہیں جو ڈیرہ غازی خان کی دارالامان میں ہیے اور جس کی پنجابی عصمت دری کر رہے ہیں . لعنت ہو بد ذات سردار اختر مینگل اور حاصل بزنجو پر، ھزار لعنت .
The massacre committed in Kabul educational centre by ISI and Pakistan army is creation of hurdle in American positive steps of maintaining peace, security and stability in Afghanistan.	Washington should embrace punitive measures against Islamabad before facing results of VietNam
The ISI is involved in Kabul school attack which killed more than 50 students and wounded over hundred. The global observers must condemn Pakistan's inhuman crimes against Pashtoon and Baloch people.
Asif Zardari is a criminal. He committed crimes against the people of Lyari. He killed thousands of Baloch by his people amn comity and Ozair Baloch. Asif Zardari must be arrested and tried .
Now when the four of culprits of money laundering have been arrested, the at large Asif Zardari's roaming free is a question to the authorities .
To contain Pakistan terrorist army's intervention in Afghan instability, America has to equip the Baloch( sarmachar) force with modern weapons in Baluchistan.
Just mention Balochistan Assembly which has at most moral for you for further nuclear blasts in any location of Balochistan. https://t.co/H1TIDzJ7FB
More than 300 of Pakistan army soldiers are dead, 150 are injured and 120 are arrested by Afghan forces in Ghazni battle.
Being a barrister, Mohammad Ali Jenah had never stood before a court bench to claim for a free India, but gifted a Pakistan sans any sacrifice to confront Soviet Union.
بلوچستان پر اپنا قبضہ جمانے کے لیئے قابض قوتوں نے ارتجاعی عناصر اور علمائے اھل سنت کو بلوچوں پر مسلط کیا ہیے تا کہ وہ بلوچ عوام کو ھمیشہ اسلام کے نام خوف زدہ کریں اور ساری دنیا کو خدا کی زمین قرار دے کر بلوچستان کی ملکیت کو بھول جائیں .
Hoon o hoonshanenth Meskin Balochistan. Wash waabanth Yalin warna o sarmachar.
Pakistan army and ISI are the sole responsible of Gazani bloodshed. Pakistan is trying hard to create Afghanistan as its fifth Province.
The people of occupied Balochistan have decided to disrupt and sabotage celebration events of 14th August by Pakistan.
To avoid further loses, Pakistan should suspend 14th August celebrations in Balochistan.
11th August, Balochistan is today celebrating its independent day. The Baloch flag is hoisted in all country's locations.
who is responsible of dropping off Pakistan TV channels from Yalive sat?.
On the charges of destruction of Lyari and money laundering, the Chief justice of Pakistan must arrest Asif Zardari at once.
11th August the independent day of Balochistan. Hoist Balochistan flag all around occupied land, and boycott all Pakistan means in Balochistan.
لیاری کو تباہ کرنے اور 35 ارب کی منی لانڈرنگ کرنے پر آصف زرداری کو فورا گرفتار کیا جائے .
Pakistan's supreme court is striving hard of not to arrest Zardari on the graft charges of 35 billion rs.The CJP is violating the legal process against money laundering.
The Pakistan terrorist leader Moulana Fazlurrahman can live only one week if Imran Khan becomes PM of Pakistan.
Before of Imran Khan's taking oath as PM of Pakistan, Zardari and sister should be arrested of money laundering charges as Imran Khan not to be blamed.
on the charges of the genocide of the people of Lyari and Money laundering of over rs 200 billion, Asif Zardari must be arrested at once.
Akhter Mengal has not any interest for Baloch rights. He is trying hard to be the CM of Balochistan. https://t.co/UblV9lPAz7
Asif Zardari should be arrested in money laundering cases of billions of dollars .
Imran Khan should refrain embracing Akhter Mengal in his coalition governmemt.
اختر مینگل جے یو آئی کا ساتھ دے کر بلوچستان کے ساتھ غداری کر رہا ہیے .
آپ سردار اختر مینگل اور کمال عالیانی سے اور کیا توقع کر سکتے ہیں ؟ https://t.co/LuoQAckMil
Sardar Akhter Mengal is a slave of Punjabi army and bureaucracy. His paricipation in BAP set up aims the CM portpolio which will be in a " no confidence motion". https://t.co/nYQvYu7aMx
Are you an electable ? https://t.co/uYZqZMk2oE
نہ تو بلاول زرداری کی کوئی حیثیت ہیے جو سردار رضا سے استعفی مانگے اور نہ ہی سردار ایاز صادق کی.  ایاز صادق اب اسپیکر نہ رہے اب نگران حکومت ہیے جس کا کوئی پارلیمنٹ نہیں اور نہ ہی اسپیکر . ایاز صادق دہمکی دینا بند کردیں .
The soft stance that Imran Khan is following towards PPP and PMLN is going to harm PTI itself.
Sindh governor Mohammad Zubair has resigned on the advice of Asif Zardari.
نیشنل پارٹی اللہءَ وتی مال کوت. بلے انگت پغول( میر حاصل بزنجو) نون لیگءِ دیوان او مجلساں ودگ انت . بلے چوش او بوت کنت کہ سرءَ برابر نہ انت ؟
Elimination of extremist and terrorist Mullahs in Pakistan's 2018 election, is a positive step by Imran Khan.
I am not consent with Pakistan's general election, but I enjoyed the result of eliminating the head of terrorists Moulana Fazlurrahman from political arena by Imran Khan.
Pakistan has to withdraw its invading forces from Balochistan  and respect the sovereignty of Baloch land.
واجہ ثناء ، آپ اپنے کردار پر بھی روشنی ڈال دیں . آپ اور اختر مینگل نے 1998 نواز شریف کی کار ڈرائیو کرکے اسے چاغی پہونچا کر ایٹمی بلاسٹ کروائے جس کی وجہ سے لاکھوں بلوچ ہلاک ہو گئے اور ہو رہے ہیں . اب آپ کس منہ سے دوسروں کو تنقید کر رہے ہیں اور مینگل کے لیئے ووٹ مانگ رہے ہیں ؟ https://t.co/xIUTnWbWvk
نیشنل پارٹی کا بر سر پیکار ہونے سے بلوچ کا کیا فائدہ ؟ https://t.co/bkrtDjEI7j
My congratulation to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the vote of confidence and I wish a good friendly ralation of Balochistan and India.
How this radical Judge is silent about Moulana Fazluraman and Seraj Ahmad's silence over the issue of" khatm nabowat " in national assembly? why Mr. Siddiqi will not take any step to stop jui and ji contesting in current election? https://t.co/jODGta41nE
I salute you great Nelson Mandela and salute the grave you are in.
پیپلز پارٹی کا لیاری کے لئیے کل کا روٹی کپڑا مکان اور پیرس بنانا آج سمندر کے پانی کو میٹھا بنانے پر آ گیا ہیے ! سادہ لوچ کو فریب دینا کتنا خوشگوار ہیے !!!!
انفجار در مستونگ و پیشاور عملکرد ارتش پاکستان در سلسلہ نسل کشی بلوچ و پختون است . ارتش پاکستان از این قبل در کشتار عام وکلاء و پولیس بلوچ را در کوئیتہ دست داشتہ و رھنمائی کردہ است .
دل کے پپولے جل اٹھے سینہ کے داغ سے ، اس گھر کو آگ لگ گئی گھر کے چراغ سے . تحریم از آمریکا، سیب زمینی ، تخم مرغ ، پنیر ، لبنیات ارزش دو برابر و کرایہ تاکسی و اتوبوس از راسک تا پھرہ سہ برابر یعنی ٢٠ ھزار تومان . ھمہ اینھای استخراج محلی استند ، واردات گمرکی ندارند . ما شمارہ ٢ تحریم https://t.co/VSe7VmlfJ0
کہا تو تھا . پھر ؟ https://t.co/UP6elhVEQK
Akhter Mengal is desperate. He is going to lose the competition in general election because of his participation in nuclear blasts of 1998. https://t.co/6jih5Ds19B
@Saeed27650850 	Belour's assassination by pro-Pakistan Taliban, will certainly teach the Pakistan puppet Isfandyar Wali a lesson he should not forget in all his life.
@Saeed27650850 	You are welcome, Sir.	We have to show the intellectuals how we are serious to defend our rights against the injustices conducts we are suffering from.
Granting bail to Rao Anwar, the murderer of Naqeebollah, by the Pakistani court, is an enmity and injustice towards Pushtoon and Baloch nations.
Pakistan army's involvement against the Houti forces in Yemen is a crime committed against the humanity.
The quarter final match between England--Sweden was bias. The Referee and line man were sleeping as England's second goal was off-sided.
Pakistan is responsible of killing Avtar Singh Khalsa in Jalal Abad suicidal blast of 1 first July 2018.
Nawaz Sharif, the former Pakistan PM, by forwarding 3 conditions of removing army imposition on election process,participation of disqualified persons and removing the Punjab governor, is fully aware of his defeat in upcoming Pakistan elections.
Shams Al Molk and CJ Saqib Nisar are Punjabis. They want to construct Kala Baag dam to destroy Sindh--Balochistan and drown KPK.
Pakistan army is involved in the war against Houthi forces in Yemen.
A great and Iron Lady. She deserves to be the head of external affairs. https://t.co/RvCBkcAtXj
Fear of being jailed, the former PM of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif will not return back to Pakistan.
If the ill Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, the wife of former PM of Pakistan is dead, her death will be wired just one or two days before the election to gain sympathy and vote.
Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, the wife of former Pakistan PM, is ill till the country's general election of 25th July is over.
very strange!, Pakistan army chief in one hand is killing Afghan and allied forces and on the other hand is visiting Kabul and promising peace and security.
Gul Bokhari, the journalist, has been abducted and tortured by Pakistan army.
How long do you think Pakistan's dirty war against Baloch should be ignored and tolerable by democratic global community?
All the killings of Hindu and Sikhs are the worst crimes of the religious extremists and fundamentalists supported and backed by Pakistan State elements. https://t.co/AeBDkDg6Va
FATA's merger to Pakistan is an obvious violation to the charter of demands of United Nation.
Now, when the former premier Nawaz Sharif admits Pakistan army involvement in Mombay attack and Patankot air base incidents, the U.N. should take actions to declare Pakistan as a terrorist State.
و همچنان فرزندان و نوادگان ما به یاد خواهند داشت که کشوري با مسافت دوازده هزار مايل به خاطر اموال نفتي اعراب تاریخ باستاني خویش را با تحریم علیه ایران اسلامي به پستي و بي آبروئي گرائید . https://t.co/MJlTsMdWDT
A very positive response to American hostility . https://t.co/x34RUtwZsl
America has to take a serious intention for punishing Pakistan on its involvement in daily blood shed in Afghanistan.
I strongly condemn Pakistan's killing of Hazara minority in Quetta, Balochistan.
That is a good idea and I support you on such a noble wisdom, Hamshahri. https://t.co/R5KHX9EmaQ
Nawaz Sharif and Khorsheed Shah are both sides of a coin.
Once upon a time Britain was a beacon of democracy but now has become a bug on the tail of ELEPHANT.
Where is the Chief justice Mian Saqeb Nisar to take S.M. action against the murder of Sameena Sindhu?
Pakistan PM Shahid Khaqan Abbasi at J.F. Kennedy air port. https://t.co/bsxB2KIjIv
Pakistan PM. At American air port. https://t.co/f4MSZJbaJk
Dhahi Khalfan is right on his assessment. The Pakistanis are the production of terror and drugs and all criminal deeds. https://t.co/zTcFsYE2NI
Pakistan is dispatching fifty thousands of its regular troops to fight against Houthi forces in Yemen. The invitation of Pakistan to join the battle, has been put by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Pakistan PM's enmity to Senate chairman is based on apartheid and caste which corners Balochistan out of the federation.
Pakistan PM is refusing to meet the elected new chairman of the Senate because of his being from Balochistan. It is the democracy in Pakistan where Punjabi is considered to be the human .
The Baloch leaders are competing in Pakistan 2018 general election, while their Baloch people are being annihilated by Pakistan and its army. What kind of disgraced leaders are they?
We do not want to see a murderer of Baloch and enemy of Balochistan like Mir Hasil Khan Bizenjo as the Chairman of Pakistan Senate.
Pakistan is providing an army contingent to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for participating in the current war against Yemen.
The Punjabi police must be expelled from Sindh province of Pakistan as they are criminals and enemy of Sindhis, Baloch and Pashtoons.
In case to obtain total peace and security in Afghanistan, America has to take India aboard and assist New Delhi to stamp a defense accord with Kabul.
President Donald Trump should not forget that LeT, Hawqqani network and Jaish e Mohammad are Pakistan's front line proxy forces for expected invasion of Afghanistan and bordering regions of India.
The American administration has to press the world bank, IMF and other money lenders not to forward any loan to Pakistan as being the terrorist breeder and exporter.
Pakistan must be punished for its crimes against the killing of American and allied soldiers in Afghanistan.
Happy new year to all and particularly to the boss and management of the great TWITTER.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia must stop its genocide against the people of Yemen.
The Pakistani General, head of 41 Islamic countries terrorist combatant forces is involved with his army, in the genocide of the people of Syria and Yemen.
RT @realDonaldTrump: People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cher…
Balochistan's provincial minister Sarferaz Bugti is a natural liar.
In his briefing to the Senate today, the Pakistan army Chief must clarify the genocide of the people of Balochistan by his army?
I don't think you are serious on Afghan and Indian issues, if you had, you wouldn't have ignored Pakistan's proxy war against both of your friend and ally? https://t.co/anAeooR5Db
@realDonaldTrump 	Sir, you are well aware that Pakistan, despite of the warning, will not stop its support to Hafiz Saeed and Haqqani network. What is your next move?
Pakistan as an ally to depend America on has really finished.	Washington has to seek a replace in India, Iran and Afghanistan.
America had not replied 	yet of the warning of Pakistan's air chief of downing the American drones flying in Pakistan air space.
Can the White House clarify the statement of Pakistan's air chief of downing American drones in their air space?
احسنت وزير الخارجية الايرانية السيد جواد ظريف. براوو. https://t.co/fUrokTOeRd
At the mean time raising the issue of Jerusalem as being the capital of Israel is enough to boil all the region in Middle East. America should refrain of such a disaster.
Despite of American warning, Pakistan is still mobilising its proxy forces on Indian and Afghan borders.
How come a terrorist breeding country as Saudi Arabia heads the armies of 41 Islamic countries to combat the so-called terrorist groups?