@boblatta Marlene Skeen NEEDS to be Arrested. She and others will owe me millions. Social Security will owe me Trillions. My Mother IS Iva McDonald in Wabash, Indiana. I was in 11 different Foster Homes since I was 4 years old. I'll explain things when I go to Court. Have a goodD
@boblatta There will be no more nursing homes. Everyone will b walking again. Some people will go to Heaven, Some to hell and some will live forever. That Lying, Thief, Bitch, HOER Marlene Skeen WILL go to hell with some others. She NEEDS to be Arrested.
@boblatta I'm not sure when, but maybe in 15-20 years I will be the next President. I will straiten this Country and maybe the world with God and Jesus help. There will be a New Heaven and a New Earth. There will be No Ocean. God will Renew everything.
@boblatta I been suing @realDonaldTrump since December 18, 2014. I'm suing Brock Obama, Hillary and Bill and Chelsea Clinton, @SenSanders and several STUPID Democrats. To let you know, President Gorge W. Bush was President again in 2003 because of me. Obama and Trump are to.
@boblatta That Liar, Thief, Bitch, HOER Marlene Skeen had Dr.s -uck me up in 2003. I been in Ohio since. I'm NO DAMN Buckeye! I'm fIndiana and a few police, Florida and the Fort Meyers Police, California, Kentucky, Washington, D.C. and Nevada. I'm also suing several Countries.
@boblatta Good Morning Sir,		     Today's Real Date is: Friday January 29, 2015. You THINK its Monday March 5, 2018. My Legal name is Keith C. Skeen. It will be Keith C. McDonald after I go to Court. I NEED to go o Court!
America will be Great again after Jesus House and things are built. When I'm President, America will b Great again. You need to be Patient and kind. https://t.co/McfViW7D7b
Well Folks,		    I'll see you later. Have a good day.
My Mother is Iva McDonald in Wabash, Indiana. I have two Biological sisters but their both in trouble. My Biological father was the same guy as my grandfather. My moms dad. He Raped her several times. I was in 11 different Foster Homes since I was 4 years old.
Folks,		     After I go back to school and Learn things, I will be smarter. Right now I'm the smartest in Ohio, smarter than folks in Indiana, Smarter than @realDonaldTrump and folks in Washington, D.C. and smarter than a lot of folks in other States.
Marlene Skeen. She's a HOER! Even Jesus calls her Jezebel.
To let you folks know,		     I'm the Chosen One. God Chose me. Jerusalem is the Chosen Country. Israel has a King in it that God talks to. God use to talk to me. Madison Healthcare Nursing home screwed me up the worst. Everywhere I go hey screw me up because of that bitch,
Some people will go to Heaven and some people will go to hell, and some people will live forever. When Jesus House and things are built, Some time Jesus will come to Earth and check everyone out. He will help his Father God decide who goes to Heaven and who goes to hell.
After Jesus House and things are Built, there will be a New Heaven and a New Earth. There will be No Ocean. There will be no more nursing homes. Everyone will be walking. God will Renew everything.
I have to Learn to be a Carpenter, a Preacher, AND I will be the next President. I also have to Learn to be a Designer. I have a lot of work to do that God wants me to do. I have to Build Jesus House, My 4th house, God's House, a Church and things out in Denver Colorado.
Folks,		     To let you know, Social Security WILL owe me Trillions. I have to go to Court and get my Trillions and go back to Indiana where I'm from and go back to school. I have to Learn some things over and Learn a lot more things.
I'm suing Ohio and several STUPID police, Indiana and a few police, Florida and the Fort Meyers police, Kentucky, California, and I think Nevada because of the STUPID KKK. I'm also suing several Countries.
Brock Obama screwed this Country up with the help of that Liar, Bitch, Hillary Clinton. I'm suing Brock Obama, Hillary, Bill and Chelsea Clinton, Bernie Sanders and a hole lot of STUPID Democrats.
Gorge W. Bush was President again in 2003 because of me. Brock Obama was President because of me. I didn't know John McCann was a Republican, so Obama got the Check Mark because of me.
Folks,		     Some people THINK @realDonaldTrump is the Chosen One. He's NOT! He's President because of me with God's help.
Folks,		     I'm the Reason why everyone knows Jesus is on his way. If you want more information, you may follow me on Facebook. I Post the Bible and things. I'm a Prophet, a Messenger For God. I'm a Disciple.
Right now I'm in a nursing home. Been in nursing homes and hospitals since 2003 because of that Liar, Thief, Bitch, Hoer Marlene Skeen. She will owe me millions, go to jail and go to hell. A lot of people are going with her.
Folks,		     My Legal name is: Keith C. Skeen. When I go to Court, it will be, Keith C. McDonald. Its my Birth name, and when July 4, 2016 gets here, it will be nine years tha God changed it to McDonald. It NEEDS to be changed Legally and it will.
When I go to Court, I will Correct @realDonaldTrump and he maybe President for 8 years. He NEEDS to build that Wall between Mexico and the USA. There will be four Walls. They will have Doors in them.
Morning Folks,		     Today's REAL DATE is: Thursday January 28, 2015. I have to go to Court and get my Trillions. I'll be Richer than @realDonaldTrump and Richer than a lot of Rich people. I'm not sure when, but maybe in 15-20 years, I PROMISE I WILL be President.