@JubileePartyK #HappyMonday MERRY MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE DON'T FORGET TO INVITE ALL YOUR LOVED ONES AND IF YOU COULD HELP THE HUNGRY ONE'S ON THIS HOLIDAY NO ONE SHOULD BE LEFT FORGOTTEN! - via https://t.co/aoPD34WqeY
@ScottJKyle1 @KarenKyle100 good for you enjoy Christmas is a magical moment for all! - via https://t.co/aoPD34WqeY
@Trew30_ #ShareTheLove Christmas is coming soon so, please everyone, try each of you, to do a good deed around you. A could be a simple thing a coffee to a person in the street. Helping a friend in trouble to buy small gifts for their kids, it's the taught that counts not the $$
@laCSN All this is ridiculious, because the SAQ make's enough money to pay its workers, you and I, Non Sense! The SAQ should immediately get into negociation and offer decent pays and put an end to that!
@Dropbox Majestic, just fabulious !!!
Sorry to all my followers if not answering sooner thank you for following me. To all my followers: even having no time to access my account I still take the time when having a minute to read your posts
Good afternoon the Planet, no good news to read on, TRUMP this TRUMP that,War on Navigation, GM putting workers out of jobs just before holidays; is there ever good news,when are we going to hear; the World Reps found a way to bring Equality,food for everyone
@AP Unbeleivable, not once again, before the holidays.SHAME ON GM, Hope the CEO's get their KARMA too....discusting...nothing more to say...discusting!
@DalaiLama Maybe we need a MEGA WAR between all superpower countries so everyone falls unballenced,no more access to their money, no more pleasure of life to realize how lucky they are just to breath.We need an miracle intervention but how..
@DalaiLama Mr. Dalai Lama, your words are beautiful but not enough to make people think and behave the normal way in our days.Something greater as to be done so humans could apply what's suppose to be natural,you would think possible in 2018!
@TrinityResists @ManMet80 We are their puppets and shall stay that way until somehow we manage to put an end to this control power of the aristocracy.
@TrinityResists @ManMet80 And rents inflating, high food prices, unaffordable home prices do you really think people have a chance to even breed thru all of this. Impossible, the aristocrats who builted that system in 1867 (in Canada) knew what and why. Everything was made for them
@TrinityResists @ManMet80 Hello, you are right in some points but you and I know that it won't happen how can people gather together when the life they live is barely giving them a chance to. The government system implanted make sure that we don't : taxes on top of taxes ….
@CRTV @MillerStream Wow!! Thank you the infos but you and I KNOW that we will never know the truth surrounding this security clearance and probably instead of reprimending this person he will get promoted somehow as we know. For what all this news if we do nothing with it?
@CRTV @michellemalkin Change, maybe, shall come when all the World Society will get rid of the money aspect and shall change it for a more efficient work force in unity to keep in motion and maintain what we have already. It seem impossible but think about....We could achieve this
@CRTV @michellemalkin Totally agree with you, beautiful speech, but unfortunately will still not bring change nor making people move. All this mingling because of stupid money and greediness of certain human exactly like you mentioned this has to change lets get rid OF $$$$
@Batirsquartier @MTL_Ville Mme Plante vous avez de bonnes intentions mais,en realite, il en faudrait au moins 10 fois plus que cela car il y a trop de monde qui vivent sous le seuil de la pauvrete et si l'on ne peut dire ne vivent pas mais plutot essai de survivre uniquement.
@CRTV @deneenborelli LOL...You said it right dear. What to believe what not to believe,what to listen to what not to listen to. Lies, lies ,lies and we are going for more unfortunately. There is no more credibility in none of any politician in our world today; Power and greed!
@USEmbassySyria @statedeptspox Human life's are not enough valuable right! This life is pathetic, how much do we need to lose in 2018, HOW MUCH MORE until all countries decide to put an end to this, come on, with all of your armament and gadgets you can't do nothing as usual the same story
@USEmbassySyria @statedeptspox Sad,very Sad no word to describe this injustice for the Syrian's civilians that were arrested and tortured. So when our governments are going to put all their armies together and put a royal end to that, No of course that won't happen right!
@CRTV @MillerStream Crap is all these government feeds us since they are in power so what crap is Trump taking, you mean fun. Lots of fun for him he responds to people like he would respond if he was in school to another peer that bothered is image next to other peer that's all!
@FroggyBottomPnd LOL… but what confusion this is all a fun game for him. All his business affairs are around collusions that's not new for him it's actually normal and actually upon is view of how life should be conduct, no less no more! like your comment!
@everybodyzzmama @MMitongu @dizzle5000 @IronClawGaming @SarahBCalif @chrisehyman @RKJ65 @ClareWHarris @romanticskeptc @Grammitude55 @Trumpet1984 To destroy Trump, but all of these governments are playing a game with us ,they make us believe they have confrontation between them but this is all a game of politics  Putin and Trump are the same character and believe into the same Power and Money!
Good evening people of the Universe ! Until when are we going to be the prisoners of the system? They send their "watch dogs" politics representatives to lure us to a dream will never get to see. We are PRISONERS of our own creation : The Government https://t.co/Qv7esckDrb
@OWNTV @IyanlaVanzant Oprah dear, would it be possible to make a show on how this world could function without the notion of money. If, us human,we invented money can we manage to get by without having to involve it. I tell you it's possible, the planet a heaven safe equal to all!
@wvjoe911 And what should we really see....That we already seen?? I'm sure people have seen it all when is change going to occur Well maybe NEVER One Government or an other they are all the same, the story repeats itself change shall come when our conception of life...
@RosenforNevada @ManMet80 I admire what you do Thank you for helping people but wouldn't that should be covered naturally by the state, at no cost, because it has to do with a nature problem a bug that could effect even the President and his own kids we would think his smart but NO!
@4YrsToday You should ask instead do we need a President or not and maybe then you shall get full of answers such as NO MORE!!!!! They are all with just one intention their own  selfish image, greed and power nothing for the common person in 90% of the case!
@JulieBishopMP Unfortunatly if all this was true, by now we know that this is all a game between them politicians to show the world look we are doing something but all this as to do about finance at the end of the line.What denuclearisation it's hidden until one needs it!
@CRTV @Gavin_McInnes @MatthewBetley @KayaJones @esaagar you guys are cool and full of energy that's what life is all about having fun and enjoying ourselves. Life is so short so why not just have fun it doesn't hurt anyone and give keeps your brain healthy!!!
@CBSNews Drugs,Drugs and Drugs  it's written all over their faces they should haven beaten themselves they are worthless !!! It's sad for that poor teen that was unfortunate to cross these unworthy inhuman garbage!
@Paula_White @Jennife98537486 True, but Dreams are personal and it's not important if they are proven wrong or right what's important it's to believe of better things being able to happen eventually this way it shall give you the power to continue thriving in this harsh life!
@Golfinggary5221 @Maggieb1B Well.... funny to hear about Obama  being such an awful President aren't they all awful at the end of the line. That is him or any of them at the end we always see their true color and by the way they are all puppets of the SENAT!
@TrinityResists @ManMet80 Well...Why do we need to think hard about it. Actions talks for itself.People have to get together once and for all not to reorganize their life around an other government or any other source of govern but around a different set of mind thinking we're smarter
@peterbakernyt @tjbogart33 @PressSec @kaitlancollins Pretty sarcastic for a country that was founded and fought for: rights to speak, freedom of expression! And that's what we call being Democratic, Wow! Isn't it amazing to what extend power position countries are becoming more and more Control State!
@TrinityResists @ManMet80 With all do respect, no matter if the election was tempered with or not at the end of the line that is any government chosen the result shall still remain the same: violation of rights/lack of jobs/poverty/large gap between rich and poor/unchanged situation
@CNBC @CNBCtech Thank you for this great infos tell us more about free services in our days today and more than ever we need to know that some things are still free and available for all after all once everything paid there is not much left!
Good night the people of the world.
@DianaAscher thank you to you and all the ones in search of equality for all in the world, if everyone shall get together maybe one day justice will apply to everyone but yet not enough people are fed up of getting their rights violated. But One Day it will!
Good evening people of the planet, Politics, Wow! Treason, mass shooting what about vacations, more family gathering, making sure no one on the planet is hungry, to learn on all the wonders of the world isn't that so much more interesting
@PattyMurray I shall join you greatly if he doesn't respect people's rights he shouldn't hold this position as Jugde he has the mandate to represent the State he works for United State bill of rightswas founded on equal freedom of justice for everyone. Thank you
Why don't you make this world a great one for centuries and centuries to come? You of llpeople should understand this basic principale of life! None of us are born with a govern on top of us. So why so much greediness of your part?
They themselves put themselves in these position to evaid the poverty and to feel what freedom taste so they are the ones more than others who should understand that! So I'm asking all Politician and Elites why?? Why are you unjust and selfish??
All we want for our kids and kids of the world is Freedom. We want that hypocritical hidden slavery applied on general population of the world by a small group of ''Greedy Politicians and Elites'' stops once and for all!!
And all of us shouldn't be really fighting for it because that's what everybody on this planets want! So let's stop talking non sense saying such and such is againts the gouvernment it's False we just want what we've been fighting for all of us for so long.
That's why Everyone has a duty not to abandon and keep fighting till the end this is for what we worked so hard for. I want people to understand that I'm not an Anarchist or agains government. NO,I just want what we work so hard hundreds of years OUR FREEDOM!
All this work for nothing, we builted beautiful things worked so hard to have what we see today in this world so it dissapears one day because people lose interest. Well we should fight for what all of us fought for FREEDOM!
And a customer answered me i'm diying and so what? I don't care what happens to the other ones I can't do nothing for them. Well I taught and answered him what are you saying if people keep thinking this way our generations will disappear and I taught:
Good morning people of the planet, Yesterday when working and talking with clients that are close to die I understood something justice one day comes to all of us because we all die but then I asked myself what happens to the ones remaining why no retibution
Thank you, if possible try to gather most people thinking as us so we could change this world for a fair one and Heaven safe for no more injustice and freedom for all humans. Thanks again , PEACE!
@KialoHQ Finally a place where major subjects are debated and heard tell me about it. If you have a minute read my tweets on the matters that touches all of us directly.Please people give some of your suggestions about it. Together as a mass group things could change
LET'S WORK IN UNITY FOR A HEAVEN SAFE!! https://t.co/JSWdTC4WDl
We are one : The Human Race, the color, the nationality, the religion doesn't count we are all humans who are trying so hard just to live a normal life and following the normality of today to much people are just struggling to eat what's fondamental!
We are capable of operating without no system telling us what and not what to do once again what's important it's to keep the Human race going! And what's important is that all humans have equal possibilities and rights. Borders shouldn't exist anymore
Wither, Putin as something to do in Trumps election that's not the issue that matters what really matters is wither we need to have in place a govern or not. When observed most governments at 95% don't respect their mandates so why are they still in place?
Once again our Politicians proves us that we don't need to have such a system in position especially when their are in place by us and for us. And significally they don't respect us, they shouldn't be dictating us they work for us, isn't that ironic!
The picture says it all : Not at all!!!
Where is the freedom especially in the United States people died for freedom of speech so what's going on? Aren't we suppose in ''Politics Elites'' be Diplomat!
Isn't it fishy and outrageous when citizens rights are violated. Are we going back into the dictators time? I guess so, when we are stopped of sawing what we want and especially in 2018 isn't that hypocritical: America land of opportunity and freedom !
Good morning , After seeing what happened in Presidential room I wonder where is our democratic rights to speak out? Even if we express ourselves in any form of language : sign language ,verbally or by written in any form desired isn't that freedom of speech?
We hold the destiny of our planet in our hands, Please let's make it a wonderful one to live in. One at a time it's possible just believe in it! https://t.co/rCXNDpixFj
Please go see on YouTube John Dennis Liu and the wonders that were done working and believing change could occur and most important: if you open and set your mind and hart to the same bit you shall see that everything is doable
We are very smart so lets do better for us, some would think well: all this talk is for nothing but it wouldn't be if everyone would believe that one at the time we could make a change. We all want to live free and released of all the pressure we builted
We've created for us such an immoral and fictional world thinking we were doing right. Yes at the time it was okay because we had an impasse in our ways to make exchange possible between us but now it became more far fetched in a negative way
Fellow humans please go on YouTube to vision John Dennis Liu and listen to the success of what him and others working hand in hand done, extraordinary miracles. The power of all. The fiction of money blinds our vision of simple good life!
Good evening people, You should all have a glimps on Youtube to John Dennis Liu his message is one that concerns all of us and could be an answer to long happy life for us but for generations to come.
@Johndliu Thank you for your success in bringing a change for a better world.
@Johndliu As an International Sociologist in Canada I would love to be able maybe one day be by your Organization to deploy the message of true meanings of how life should be conducted as a community working together not worshiping power surrounded by money
@Johndliu Nature is the basics of life without it no human life would be. If we could get all people to think in this proper fashion life would become so beautiful and fair for all and yes we would a sure food for years and centuries to come.
@Johndliu We invented the notion of money and since then everything in the world is crumbling in my knowledge money is just a fiction we created we could live without it but human life that is no fiction if individuals change their mind set into nature
@Johndliu Hello, Sir saw one of your show on YouTube reconfirm all I always believed in if we work together hand on hand to bring back what we damage we shall find true happiness and Heaven on earth but like you described so well it's not the aim of more $$
@VP 150 years later it still doesn't work none of their mandates are respected and the basic one was to make sure no one starves anymore and did it change? No, so I know you need to keep your job but instead there is other ways to make this world  a fair one
@VP Hello Sir with all do respect, Hoping my message goes to the real Mike Pence I believe we are knowledgeable enough in 2018 not to need anymore a designated group of individuals to take care of our affairs Us the public created this union  but obviously150
@BreitbartNews Thank you
That's how we are going to end up if we continue going this way because we shall have no more of nothing so much we abuse of everything. we are going to bring ourselves to extinction and will become funnily animal attraction!!
In 3018	Dad what's this?	The last civilized animal they manage to extinct themselves!!! https://t.co/55PhqEhpTf
@BreitbartNews Enough is enough, no, don't you think?
@BreitbartNews Because it's not their own children getting mistreated and dehumanized as is. But if it would happen repeatedly close to them I could asure you that strict measures shall occure fast. Bring back severe punishment as the death penalty for such horrible acts
@BreitbartNews But instead people are going to lose time trying to punish not severaly enough the responsable and meanwhile in these country where rights are barely observed more unfortunate children are getting used and abused. No one really understand the extend of it
@BreitbartNews We have to bring back death penalty  to these inhuman people and in a little time it will discourage those having the taught or the wanting to do it. It is not a regression of our values but instead a way to eradicate immoral situation as is.
@BreitbartNews This has nothing to do with poverty it happens here too in Canada but in quietness but here we have rights to protect us and even than. In the course of history we will always have discusting inhuman people and unjust situation happening for immediat change
Have a great night people and be safe.
It's saturday night so let's forget about what's going on in politics and let's put a break on "Elites" that don't know how to enjoy such simple things so much they are embaded in their financial future and what about simple things such as families having fun
These events bring together all kind of nationalities and we all become one that's amazing. No politics involved just the purety of having fun in it's simple matter nothing fancy just enjoying the beuaty of man's made. Aren't we smart or what!!
There was a lots of families kids ,parents and friends a super gathering every body were mesmarized by those fireworks it brings us to a child state. Only thing we had in mind was to enjoy life and a good time with friends and family members no bad taughts
@Reuters cool why not it's what art is all about letting our imagination flot
Hi everyone, tonight a lots of fun at the fireworks and you know what was free and all of us present at a great time, no fights, no argument between no one just to prove a point if we want we can make it to have everything free and accessible to all of us!
Have a good night fellow humans.
@krassenstein Well I shall follow you if you decide to do that with all Presidents and dictators on the planet because they're all unjustly mistreating their people. Upon what we see everywhere in the world people suffering of the effects of politics not just from Trump!
@MelindaLydick  everything could co-exist together if our intentions are the same and without democratie this conversation would have not occurred so yes these two notions are possible if put in a right motion. Thank you
@MelindaLydick Not true if people continue thinking this way never and for sure never shall we move towards a better world for us. Because of Democratie we will get somewhere. Because we are very knowledgeable today because we all choose democratie that's the reason we could talk freely
Individuals from divers upbringing all suffer from the effects of politics. And meanwhile they don't say nothing because they are afraid to lose their little comfort they don't realize one day it will get to them eventually maybe not or indirectly:their kids
Of course our government don't want us to figure this out but yet all proofs are going towards that so what are we waiting  for things have to change. I know some of you think it's impossible but who taught that one day we would have robots behaving as humans
But of course we know it's not going to happen yet because people are not enough fed up yet! But when depression will hit and slowly it's coming things are changing for the worse the middle class is slowly disappearing leaving place to two class: Rich vs poor
We could do everything if we really want to, we all have to get together. Imagine millions and millions of people saying no more of that and deciding all of this is enough! We are more efficient as a mass but alone not much attraction to it.
Why people are so stuck on Russian hackers and Trump come on that's all predictable the ''Elites" are the ones pulling the ropes of politics and shall always do so until we change that for ourselves. We have to get rid of governments and all dictatorship.
Good evening people, hope all of you's alright. The weather here in Canada, Montreal is getting pretty hot and humid cooking our minds and spirits but not killing it yet !!
Thank you too all the people taking the time to read and share those feelings I and others are afraid to share. WE HAVE ONLY ONE LIFE remember this people and feel cherished and blessed to be alive some unlucky one's would tell you so!
So lets make a change, lets repeat it to ourselves WE HAVE ONLY ONE LIFE!! Us humans are very smart and we could realize such a great project: ''The one to make this world a Heaven for us to live in and for ALL HUMANS"!
I know a lot of you's think it's an impossible task but it's more possible than you think we are going years ahead on our time in science so why can't we do it on a social basic, I'm an international sociologist and see all this injustice being done to us.
We could do this easily not with wars but with talk let's call it an inoffensive revolution we are too knowledgeable to get physical that's inefficient, we are the government, we elected these people so lets dismember it and take decisions on votes between us
Meanwhile these Elites go on vacation with our tax money, eat in the most expensive restaurants when a lot of people are starving and especially kids is that normal? No, but of course to change things around we need revolutions and say no to Govern anymore!
We need a revolution in this country so we could bring back our rights for ourselves because our rights have been swept under the carpet by the government, we created for us not for Elites,lets stop sleeping and being scared to much of us are suffering!
We are capable to make this world and all of its good accessible to all humans it's possible you have to believe in it! But all of us have to go towards this belief so we could change this since 1867 in Canada 'Elites' tell us what's good for us! Really...
In stead of perpetuating this we created for ourselves let's put an end to it! Today we are very knowledgeable and we don't need to be governed we know what we want and need so because the government cannot fulfill it's mandate toward us lets put it out!
We us humans want only one thing live peacefully and happy and when the government was created by us, supposedly for our good, little that we new it these ''Elites'' because of their hunger for power and greed put us one against each other and now what!
So all this to say :Money should be good for only one thing ,to achieve only one goal; to make sure that all of us are having the same equal chance of profiting of what this planet could give us! In French: On a tous une seule vie le paradis sur terre a tous!
Thank you to be part of making this world a better place to live in!
We have all we need on this planet for all of us to share, if all of us would allow ourselves to understand this simple notion we will live in a real Heaven and isn't it what we are all looking for!
Wow! Incredible what you see on YOUTUB, People going out of their way to help people in the street to get back on their feet Wow, my hart is crying that's what money should be for nothing else just to get everyone food and shelter!
That's stupid to say but everyone should be having the experience to be in the street so they come back to the basic of life: happy just to be ALIVE! Try this every morning wake up and say thank you to the Universe to just have woken up!
This morning one of my friend showed me on YOUTUB homeless Hurby a man who's singing with all his hart and soul and things like that instead of making me sad brought me so much joy because someone in the street, no home could still have happiness in his hart
That's great to read on people happy just to be shouldn't be that life: Be happy just to wake up in the morning and be able to contemplate all the beauty that surrounds us people don't realize ,stuck in their stressful life, that they won't have luck if dead
Are they better our new values, well if they would have been and would have brought progression in our life they would have been the right one, unfortunately that's not what's happening. Most cases we read on is ethical problem and there's more to come!
Today those values are replaced by material, greed for more money and with that the notion of being powerful. All these notions could not function together they are opposing one an other!
Why, people forgot about the basics in life. We teach our kids today to go get good jobs to go get a great future so has before but  before we always remembered the important values such as sharing between us, family gathering and the love for one and other
''Honor'' was a very important or notion it meant a lot but today because of the importance of material and more than more material that value took over and it seems we are nobody without it
Good morning the planet, again and again lately we just read about ethical issues and there's going to be lots more coming. In today's life People learned not to care about a very special value of life which we call Honor and that's why unethical issues
Heaven on earth!!!! Have all a good night
Wow ! Twitter is amazing! How anyone talks about whatever that's fascinating everyone is in his bubble! That's fine but if anyone reads this I hope that in our life time our thinking on how our world is conducted I hope that one day we could say:
Tired of unfairness and injustice and dictators
Each of us have a short life spend maybe if you are lucky 100 years but in general shorter than that so what about being the lucky one to be part of a unbelievable change. An unthinkable situation but possible because we are smart and because we are tired
THE GAME OF LIFE some are better than others. There is more serious things to look after than that. Full of humans are struggling and I'm sure you are one of them so it's time to bring a change to our situation and not concentered on unworthy subjects
Come on ! Do you hear what's going on with Jim Jordan and Hannity getting smears come on people please do you see now the game one say's he did that then the other one say's he did that do you understand what I'm trying to say non sense!
That lets change it all and let's get together to live without it and boy we are smart for that if we could go to the moon, create robots that are human like we could invent a way of living without money. To enhance our quality of life &amp;  live in a fair world
We invented money thinking that would solve a lots of our problems little that we knew we created worse than a problem we created Chaos for ourselves! People kill for this invention, life are destroyed for it people are left to die for it so now that we know
I understand that a lot of people are upset and you have all the reason to be but all this ''Micmac's'' going on in politics is a game unfortunately. So instead of getting upset let's get together and change our vision of how life is conducted for us
Take it as a game of chest who shall play strategically the best position on the board and that's what the President do, he is the King on the board and all the senators around  and his allies are solders that  lead him to the right path or call it decisions
He's has to work in collaboration with a group of Super intellectual individuals  '' la crème de la crème'' as you say in French that just study the events of strategic operations in the history of economics, war and so on he doesn't call shot by himself
He represents the super power nation the only group he ally with is the senators around him and the '' Politics Elites''.
Good evening everyone, Trump this ,Trump that, really!! All of this is non sense!! Do you think Trump is going to ally to any group that could jeopardize himself eventually or any of his allies. He is his own man he will group with no one but just himself!
I'm sure we would be greatful and would follow him with eye's closed if as a President, he would change the course of our lives positively and as a worthy nation for whom all the world shall take as an example.
Are we regressing or what? Presidents are voted and put in place by Us so why do we leave this happening to us? Why is every time a politician come in power with good fate to start with ends up derouting and dictates Us. Us who put him there!
At least, if as a President he would change the course of life history in an extraordinary fashion everyone would say Well having a President is worth it but by seeing whats done and how people are violated in their rights, the taught of dictators reapears
I sure when he came in Power as President that was not what he expected or even what he had as ideas to do. Like said prior today in our days we shouldn't be in need of a president. We are enough knowledgable to go on with our lives with out it
By looking of the pics of tweets on Trump you could read a lots mixed feelings on his face,unhapiness is one of them, that must be hard to get up every morning thinking you are going to displease a huge amount of people and have them againts you
Good afternoon everyone, I want to thank eveyone that took a minute of their precious life to think about what I hope one day will be our life.
Trump enjoys all of this it's a game for him actually it's entertainment for him what else left for him to do at his age and range of life. His the President of the United State what else challenge is left for him nothing  just enjoying making people talk!
When we die nothing comes with us, so please THINK PEOPLE!!! Thank you
I wish you all a good night hoping lots and lots of you could take in consideration this simple fact of life that it's not fair!SO let's find a way to stop what's blocking the possibilities to change the world around ''Money''  no more a must in today's world
We just have to think hard to find a way so everyone profits of everything and majorly so everyone could have a chance to profit of the basis which is FOOD. The simple thing and as we know so much of it is thrown every day in the garbage is that concisely ok?
Please people take the time to read and think of what I'm trying to say here! We could make life great and worthy to live for all of us by finding a way to go thru life without involving money. We already have everything that's invented for us we...
Maybe it's an illusion to think this way some will say but is it really or is it to comfy to just think only for ourselves? But when we were kids didn't we learn with pleasure and satisfaction to share equally?
How much unfairness can our conscious and hart, bare, see? My mind tells me it's enough and you all, aren't you fed up? So let's change this life style we created for us and let's do right for all of us not just for some of us.
We all have to get together and put our minds in it and try to live without money I understand that we will get resistance from materialistic individuals whom base their lives on power and greed but in what seen everyone is tired of all the world injustices
That is an other reason to abolish Money and create a different way, we are smart enough to change the course of life and make it a Heaven for All NO!!
You must have heard: At the right place at the right time! And that's true for everything in life including in Politics and so on.
Were family members, just to prove that it's who you know that could give you a break in general .So is that fair for the other ones applying? No, because contacts help majorly which is unfair for others
Some are some times jut at the right place and right time or are surrounded by the right people to help them get to their achievement that what we call ''CONTACTS''. One of my friends tried a new job he couldn't keep it because all the other ones working
Of course some worked very hard for it I don't disrespect that but some even if they work as hard or harder how come they are not eligible to a chance to profit of all the wonders of this life aren't they allowed to they worked even harder ?
A life without money without having to struggle for, everything that does already exists should be available to all us equally why some should have more than others because they are more worthy no it's just because the situation of their life permitted
Good evening everyone, Hope you took a moment in your cars or in the bus or metro coming from a hard day of work maybe stuck in traffic having to probably pick up your kids from daycare, how money makes our lives not interesting but very difficult.
So today, try to think about that aspect of life that no more money involvement, no more presidents, no more queens, no more dictators just humans trying to make this planet a Heaven to live in, it's possible if all of us wants it together at once!
I know you will say well people don't want that, well that's when greed gets the worst out of us but if we all change our perspective of how life should be conducted then we will go towards a Heaven Safe World!
Remove the thinking of the work aspects because we all have to do something with ourselves, we have to keep busy no matter what! Each individual specialize in something they like so see it as a contribution of time so we could profit of everything on earth
As a maintain of things so we could all continue using it  fairly. No money involved the fictional taught of money could be translated in a commodity for all humans on the planet to perpetuate this idea where all of us should profit equally of what's created
To go back to what was said previously; everything already exist, so try to picture this all individual could share all of the things already created by man by making sure they maintaining it. Lets not see it as an exchange of work for something but instead
Before when life had begun people use to exchange services for goods or for all kinds of things. We don't want that example; giving 20 hens for the repair of our car no we can't go back to this kind of operating no but if you change our way of thinking
What I'm trying to say to get rid of the money aspect we have to get rid of the fictional taught of money by replacing it by a different set of thinking.
So lets say that Money is a fictional call of numbers
No one, we understand the concept that this money exist and is going around in our banks but no one, not even the treasurer see's it he counts it in his calculation yes Well yes the banker see's it maybe him and the president and the guards but not us right
Envision this, money is a fictional concept invented by us humans we call numbers as we go on right. Example; our government say we need to bring in $20 millions to put in child tax benefits so this amount is a number of course calculated, but who see's it
Thinking about it, there is a way to change our belief's of it. OK, try to follow this idea; everything in the planet is already built ex. cars, electricity, business's of all kind, gym's, playground, schools, religious quarters, food markets and so on...Now
And this is why, more than ever the reason to get ride of Money. Money transform humans in such a despicable way. People with emotions just becomes like robots empty, no more empathy, no more of nothing that distinguishes us from them.
Show you the door! No training given, no warning, just as if we are animals WOW! We don't even treat our animals this way, I was shocked seeing all these people living the office crying one by one because in four months I saw a lot of them being put out
When I have just started in my department, the same week, 3 worker's were latterly kicked out. The way they operate I understand that business is business but we are people with feelings and when someone just come to you and just suddenly no notice just show
Good morning Humans of the planet, I have to share something with you guys, my 4 month contract with LOWE'S Canada in commercialization ended and let me tell you working for this department was disgusting and demoralizing. Let me tell you why
Wouldn't it be so cool that everyone profits of all of this life could give....hum well wah it would be awesome!!!
Because at the end of the day or let's put it this way at the end of our life time we don't bring this money with us but we bring our taughts  with us of this planet and who knows what's in the after life so why not try to make it here a heaven for all of us
So today when you all go home after work and the one's that venture the power of money instead of thinking how more money you could make think on how we could erase this money invention to create a new way to live happily and equal for all humans
Every idea is a must in making this planet a heaven safe to live in for all of us don't you think and why not?
That's what we should be working on and not on nominees and more power given to individual who can't change nothing. We need to work all together asking everyone in this planet what could be done to make it a better life expectancy
We've got to stop all these fake representation of what life should be and get to have a better world. I know some are saying well I going to die and the world will still go on, wah that's true! But for the moment being that we are alive let's bring change
More and more the situation of our planet is going to degenerate and simply because the more famous want more fame, the rich ones want to be more rich than rich, except of some kind ones helping to get this society better, our planet is in trouble
People got to stop these feeds on unimportant things such as nominations on individuals it doesn't help the situation for our planet; fight for food, diseases cause by malnutrition , pour water rating in our own country Canada case of the Natives
But all this means nothing right, yes it does more than people think because the ones that wish they were famous feed all these non sense news about  the ones that love fame and like mentioned unfortunately don't change important issues
In society there is three kind of personalities the one that love fame, the one that wish he was famous and the one that really simply don't care not because they don't care just simply because they are realistic about it they don't stand a chance
Good morning everyone, I understand the news surrounded around Judge Kavanaugh news cast are doing their job but now what? At the end of the day he's just a man and major issues such as hunger, stress to make ends meet still stands unfortunately
Hope … if there's no Hope. Hopefully some day people will come to realization that this life has to change, the thinking's have to upgrade on a positive note not about money, greed and power but  fair life for all humans on earth.
Everyone is important in this life without the other non important one's there wouldn't be these important one's to vote for ex. him or Trump. It's about time that people wake up for real and realize this world is nothing without all of us known and  unknown!
Well, Judge Kavanaugh ,with all do respect, congrats for him but what's so important about that,does his election going to change the course of life? Why so much importance on a human what about all the unknown other humans aren't they important too?
Let's  stay politically correct and let's say ''The show must go on right''! So boring and expected. Give our mind something to feed our brain....hum like challenges about saving our soul of dying bored and with no purpose valuable as an individual in this w
@SpockResists @RickPetree I totally agree with you, money, power and greed. What is there to agree, we don't run the show, the show is runned by these &lt;Elites&gt; and we are simply mute spectators in the crowd.
Trump and court why is it that all we read is about that, nothing positive about it, some are raging others are complaining of the injustice of the American system under Trump. In 2018, why people are still so gullible thinking it would be different!
The parade of senators LOL that's not interesting yes maybe for people that have nothing better to do, oh come on let's talk about real situation, the fact that a lot of people want to enjoy their life I mean for what's left of it. Plz realize life is short
@ABC Did you think it would of been different? It's always about caniving and trickeries. Since the time of history of politics history teaches us that's the outgoing coming around it is that politic's is fixed!
@Skyflow3r @RickPetree I agree with you we are living in a time where our world is at great dangers that is for war time and the only thing us individuals want is to be free and at peace.
But of course that's not realistic noooo, but for real, only the &lt;Elites&gt; and powerful&lt;Politicians&gt; could do something about that of course with the help of all the individuals in the world, all together we could change things but it has to start with 1 yes
Imagine a fun world, no stress, no crime for money, no more politician dictators, no crime related to power and money. WOW! Wouldn't it be so cool and worthy.
I know why should some individual bother with that right? Some are on the verge to die, some are too old and tired, some are preoccupated of making more money, some are just barely trying to survive and some simply don't care, this is a life and death matter
I'll bet you if any of you try to find a way to get this life more worth it to live in you shall not stop thinking, let's take it like a puzzle; the ''puzzle of life'' seen in that sense what do you thing people?
Politics ,If you people who put so much energy on it will put it on a more efficient world this world will be more worth it to live in. Power, bigger than bigger and what? Come on life itself is bigger than that don't you think?
Trump, Trump ; people need something to talk about to make their life interesting so what about concentrating on the IMPOSSIBLE that should be a life challenge no! Come on get thinking people , our life depends on that we hear about our planet geting extinct
Ok, I'm not talking about an anarchy or socialism system no nothing like that I'm relating to a world without greed without the need of money involved where we service each other and work together for a better life
I'm sure we are smarter than that as people instead wasting time talking about money and power let's concentrate in the power of life.  Only one life so let's bet on it, that should be our gamble and not how to make more money, money doesn't follow once dead!
When all of us were kids are parents taught us to have fun and enjoy life so we did that is why when we get old we have tendency to always remember our youth of course if we had a normal one so let's make it possible in our life time so it's worth it to live!
No more president, no more Queen just lets talk in terms of &lt;Human beings&gt;without borders, where planet earth belongs to everyone. Where anyone could travel without boundaries, aren't we all humans after all!
I'm calling on everyone to find a way to change this Life set. In this life time in 2018 why can't we be ingenious, let's think different for once! No more talk about money instead ways to operate in a different matter!
All we read is war subject this wouldn't happen if there was no money and power involved .It's discouraging to read all this stupidities when in fact we have only one life that doesn't last long what 100 years if you are lucky. Let's be more creative!!
Ok let's talk about immigration this wouldn't be such a pitiful situation if everyone would have food in their own country. Did you every see someone flee their home when they are ok? None sense,Please people contemplate the real problematic lets find ways
Poverty well isn't that a shame for us in Canada a country where there is an abundance of food where people throw tones of it come on Trudeau is mocking everyone he's traveling everywhere with our tax money when so much kids in Montreal are starving
Again talk about space come on people talk about interesting subjects such as how could we get life better between us so everyone could enjoy doing something valuable before they die. It would be fun to see not always the same one enjoying everything!
Maybe it seems impossible maybe it's nonsense but what if.. I'm sure its possible if the &lt;Elites&gt; the politicians work on that instead of war and war and if people were less materialistic and think life values instead
Talk! Everyone talk for nothing but can someone find a way to put an end to money and find a way so individuals live without it? A life where people could travel around the world where everyone helps each other and share knowledge &amp; food life is not forever
@FLOTUS Thank you Melania its important you keep this  tragic and inhuman historical  event alive people have tendacy to forget so easily not because they forget but because their lives are hard,harch and stressfull.
@YourPocketGuru If only that would be true,lots of people do their best but no result come of it so what do you keep saying to them again;what matters is that you do your best thats not enough my friend,we hav to use creativity unfortunatly
@realDonaldTrump Unfortunatly,Mr.Trump what ever you will do even if you show the best side of yourself their ideas on you are made up so just don`t bother with the media just do what you do best,there is still people like me who knows that you do your best and God knows we cannot please everyone
@YourPocketGuru unfortunatly to reply to this our best knowledge is not always enough and to bring a change to certain life situation our best is not enough we have to always surpass ourselfs and then and maybe then something grateful will come of it, right!
If individuals would stop being so hypocrit about their taught a lot of poeple would freak out on them.When is this world going to be more honnest and realize  that every president of any country wants to beleive and wants to be on top of the world!
And why because no rich country wants to have other countries at the top of the pyramid next to them.So what Trump said out loud other representative of other country don`t say it but share the same taught as him but in their closets!
good citizen but if it be true we the world wouldn`t have so much countries living in deep poverty.Some countries put toghether could all get the othe part of the wold in the same economical situation but they don`t do so
Well all this discussions for what TRUMP said its so ironic how people are critizing another `s behaviour when they(some individual) themself say in the closet what others say outloud.People today are so hypocritical that they make themself beleive that they are not racist and
@YourPocketGuru I totally agree with you but sometimes even when you do so things don't turn out to be the way you expect them!
INFOS...INFO....INFO, if  INTERESTED, BOOK ON THE ORIGINE OF LIFE NOT IN STORES YET EMAIL-ME at letslooseit@mail.com (I'm the sole writter)
if anyone is wanting to have a copy of my book go to my EMAIL at letslooseit@mail.com. Nothing like you could ever imagine closer to reality
I wrote a book about life and our origins so as where we end up after our death, for the interested it ones the book is written in french
we are trained by society and our parents to think this way don't you think so? What about if we rethink life differently.Let say when born
I say Funny because when we start getting older around 40y old we start taking care of our body hoping to live long, why? trained that way?
when we are young we don't think that life is short in reality we think of nothing about it we just live and hope to make/find money.Funny..
Hello, I keep reading on how to succeed money wise but what about the true things people want to ear about LIFE ITSELF.Well listen to this..
Venez voir mon nouveau site web http://t.co/ZkCINmLTgC via @Webnode
@NewDay @justinbieber What a smart thing to do Guy! Whatever you did well confront it!. A saying to Young adult: YOUNG DUM AND FULL OF CUM!
RT @NewDay: .@JustinBieber turns himself in, charged w/ assaulting limo driver month ago #5Things #NewDay http://t.co/Aq1JEMOiTs http://t.c…
@cnnbrk with time like anyone in this planet Bieber will find  balance in his life now he's just having fun like most of us did right...!
@cnnbrk Bieber is  human and not mister perfect so lets slack him some loose in general is a great person and a great son to his mom time..
@cnnbrk Bieber is popular and if it would have been any JOE well we wouldn't make such a fuss so tell general public to relax on his case!
@cnnbrk  okay now let's face it everyone goes thru that stages once in their life and if they didn't it will be something else lets stop....
@cnnbrk  even today in our days those injustice are happening we have as a humain being a mission to make sure that it doesn'repeat itself!
@cnnbrk lots of injustice happened in those years beacuse of racisism and so on so I understand the family members  who wants to clean meses
RT @cnnbrk: George Stinney, 14, sat on phone books to be electrocuted in 1944. Family wants name cleared. http://t.co/hrtdtEmDYN http://t.c…
All of you's remember this could b ur last holidays  with your loved ones we never know what life await's for us!
all twitter users:I wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy New year in love and health. Aviod arguments and learn to enjoy time between others
Because no one of us will be living this precious experience or moment with any of who we know when we are gone!
see each other  I beleive people should take time to take a good last look at whom they care for and sherrish every touch and moment
in your face because no one came back to do so, this empty feeling is killing me inside and I wonder why some people are so stuburn and dont
because that chance will never , ever come again and even if you are juged, so what, when you will die no one that you know will come put it
In this life time what ever you could say or think will stay in this life time so if anyone as something to say they should say it
I'M saying this because many people' including me, hold their taughts and feelings but it's not necessary because if you are alive in this
No no one came back to say so,and that's why I have this empty feeling of nothing at the end of the line
Eh I was your sister before or eh I was your lover
other life. Do you realize that all the new born that are born in our life time never came to see someone and tell them: Eh, I was your
just empty'so empty to think that when I die I will never but never ever will see the people I love and care for even if I came back in an
think because anyways we will never ever see or hear anything again about it when we are dead. Am I the only one to feel that way?Is life
this moment will never be again so i guess we should all live the moment in it's fullest and not worry about what an other person could
there anymore no one will ever exist again it is only in this present life that you have to live and say what you have in your soul because
what i'm triying to say is that all the people you know, when you die if it ever happen that we come back in an other lifetime will not be
knew doesn't exist and will never exist again like a fragment of imagination
when we die.Did you realize that we will never know and have this special contact again in any other way.When our eyes closes everyhing we
share right now will never happen again what i mean is that your loved ones,friends and everyone you meet will be just a parcel of dream
and since never no one came back from up there to lets us know they knew us once upon a time well did you ever realize that the bond we all
Lately i came to a turning point in my life and would like to know if i'm not the only one who feels that way:Knowing that we all die
Well said Mr"Etuk!
@jeveuxsavoir333 Dear Mr. Etuk you are right of what you're saying when you are a made person already but not when you are not yet!
Mr.Etuk,we need miracles and beleiving in them hepls us to continu hoping that maybe one day things will be better,don't you agree?
What humains need.Don't we(most of god worshipper) beleive in something we don't see or ever will see maybe one day?
Life espacilly today as no point to be people are not what they use to be don't you agree?So sometimes beleiving in some magical taughts is
Sorry Mr.	to contredick you but to beleive in miracle is what make people continue to beleive in life
And thank you again for your support.
Please verify the old tweets on my idea and come back to me with an idea of appliying actual fact for the openingof those future Coffee shop
Any idea is a great idea to advence into my and your future project of changing the face of how we will help the youth to go foward
So if someone is able to help me to organise my project that will become your project together we could do wonders don't you think?
I really beleive they did!So lets give them a chance and do something to help them together and help ourself too
I often say that the planet is upside down today but is it so?Maybe the youth understood what we didn't!
their thinking goes agains what we've been taught by our parents but is every generation very different than the other?
Our young generation if well taking care of will continu our good work of course they are quite different then us,I'll say totally opposite
By investing on them we make sure of our future and the future of the planet will be a great sucess.
I beleive all of you have taken a peek in my ways of seeing life and my strong beleive on doing the most we can for the youth.
I want to thank you all for your interest in my ideas and would appreciate if you could give me some basics on responding back on communit
Dear new and non recent followers,forgive me if I haven't been answering yet.I'm really new in this so I appolagise.
If we work in parternship all together in this society great wonders will come of it.We just need to beleive in it and apply proper majors
I would appreciate if someone would be able to help me promoting a great social financial idea amoung the young people to fix pension plans
@ginidietrich @creativeoncall Hello Miss Dietrich I would need your consulting and parternship in a great idea.E-mail letslooseit@mail.com
@Pitch_Doctor I would appreciate to get in touch with you for a financial advise and a parternship in a successful idea.letslooseit@mail.com
@Pitch_Doctor Good morning Mr.Soorjoo,I have a great idea that would promote revenus in all communities amoung the youth in any country
You could find me on facebook too.Thank you.
You could leave me a message on my E-MAIL:  letslooseit@mail.com any idea is a great idea
My computer skills ar not the best and i have a hard time reaching out.
Gather our ressources we could do great wonders but alone nothing is possible.Thank you.If anyone wants to help me out please guide me
So would you please help me realize this enormous project for our kids.We all need to put any amount we could afford and if all of us
With beds accomodation on top so they could sleep if it's a while they're on the run. A safe place for all the kids and young adultes
Because we will know that their is a place for them with probably special people,like old ex- street gang&amp;ex.druguser members gathering them
That will benefit all the kids in the world but will benefit us parents too.We won't have to worry anymore wondering where our kids go
Privacy becomes very important so to all parents in the world ,please join me and help me succeeding in creating this amazing project
We feel like young adultes and we feel the urge to talk to someone different then our parents. At that age our body goes thru changes and
Can u imagine a coffee shop for only young people 13y to 25y because lets face it at the age of 13y old we feel inside eventhou we're not
Where they could share taughts and worries with other young people like them who needs to talk maybe that would change the way society evolv
In the street or the ones that escape from home with at the lower part equiped with tables and chairs so they could enjoy a soft drink&amp;cofee
If every country would have one or two coffee shop where young people could go to.Where there is an accomodation of some beds for the ones
That would make me feel safe and I would know that she is safe too.I had imagine a place like a cooffee shop for young people between 13-25y
If she had a safe and confee place to go where other young people felt the same way and could share their feelings not being told or jugde
And I found the answer for that and for all parents in this planet who lives the same worry as me If my daugther wouldn't talk to me maybe
And less and less had a chance to connect with her bringing a barrior between us even thou we were best friends at her young age so I taught
So I got concerned like all parents wondering where she was and with who she was obviesly not being able to talk to her things became tensed
That made me wonder and I noticed that at a point of her life she felt like she had to escape into a place where she felt free and not jugde
I was wondering why but I understood that what ever I did she couldn't speak to me and unstead would turn to her friends or a close teacher
When my daugther hit puberty i noticed eventhou I was a present mom always talking to her and open about things she had a hard time talking
tLittle time left was for my sleep,now being a single mom at the age of 42y and on break from work I would like to realize it with everyone
This idea I will present you all came into my mind when my daugther hit puberty but being busy taking care my company&amp; my daugther
Hello fellow members of this planet,I would need your help to realize a great project that would benefit our teens and parents too.
Luck as nothing to do with anything in life,work, perseverance and beleiving in urself is the key to ur success.Beleiving,like kids do.
Live and embrace life because you never know when ur time is due!And if u think it's not worth it,it means that ur in ur dark fearing state
The magnetic energy surrounding the planet earth makes it possible if of course u could agknowledge it,but if u fear it u will push it away
The Univers provided us with this powerfull energy it's up to us to recognise it and not fear it.We ar one with the planet and the Univers.
Only u have the power to exploit it no one could do it for u beleiving truly in this inner energy will make it shine.Don't feed any fear!
I talk about magic because this magic we have it inside of us,only you could be your own magician,this energy exist in u but.
Life was magical when we were kids because we beleived!So if, all of u's would beleive as when u were kids this planet would b a paradise
All humains have it, u could recognise it. That same energy when we were kids,no fear of the unknown,nothing to stop us you must remember??
I'm talking to everyone with a lost of appetite for life that inside joy that shine when we let it bloom.when our taughts&amp;soul makes one.
That is why u seemed not to see clear at some times in our life.The power of our mind and soul connected together will make great wonders.
It's this same fear that blocs our inside energy of fonctionning properly to open our inside power switch so any positivness comes in.
Sometimes people don't want to see whats out there because they leave fear take over that same fear that stop their inner energy.
Everything is in ur ressources(inside of u) it's us that puts a stop to our acheivment.we stop our energy from blooming to it's maximum.
if u concentrate truly and believing in it, at 200%, ur inner energy(in what u really want in life) it will make anything possible
I learned something extraordinary today,this life is not what u make it is if u really belive in urself ur inner energy will make it happen
@kenny19751 @MrGayUK ,I'm sorry for not answering before,new in this for now i have a lot to learn.Can't read ur mail I'm to late for it.
How would u read history if their where nothing to read on, existing things and humains are there so a story could be told.
Even animals and objects have writting parts in this life time.
We need all humains in this world to write the story of this world and each and everyone makes that possible.
I write this because too many people are feeling lost today because they find they are no purpose to life u people are totally wrong!
So for the ones that think they are nobody's well rethink life over and analize what i just laid out for a minute.
Because one day someone of your familly or a pur stranger will dig out on you and will want to known why or how come....
we all have an important role to play:It's to write a paragraphe in this life time that you are known or not!
When any of us is born in this world He or She or it,writes a part of history in his or her familly or background story book of life and
Without each and everyone their would be no life story to tell or to hear.I realized it's a simple matter that makes it all matter.
Without each and everyone in this world their wouldn't be no story to tell.We are each of us the continuation of a story somewhere in life.
Everyone on this planet is an important figure already without knowing!Let me explain:
So listen up!All humains on the planet:If u think you need to become an important person to be recognized,unforgotten well I hav news for u
Realizing we will never know the unexpected;the futur we tend with time to go coucou!
JOIN MY CLUB''THE YOUNG OLD TIMERS"Crazy Adultes in couple who spent ages together(more than 20 y)&amp; Still looking for the fontaine of youth