Sen. Rand Paul: "I support President Trump...However, I cannot support the use of emergency powers to get more funding, so I will be voting to disapprove of his declaration"		Senate now has the votes to pass the resolution. Trump has said he will veto it.		https://t.co/TPntgye9V8
2020 presidential hopefuls @JohnDelaney, @TulsiGabbard and @PeteButtigieg are each getting a CNN town hall in Austin, Texas on March 10. #SXSW
Trump says he has not committed to a third summit with Kim. #TrumpKimSummit
Trump: "It was about the sanctions. Basically they wanted the sanctions lifted in their entirety and we couldn't do that." #TrumpKimSummit
Pompeo: "We asked (Kim Jong-un) to do more, he was unprepared to do that." #TrumpKimSummit
Trump: "It was a very productive two days but sometimes you have to walk." #TrumpKimSummit
NEWS: Sarah Sanders says "no agreement was reached at this time, but their respective teams look forward to meeting in the future." #TrumpKimSummit
President Trump and Chairman Kim have both left the hotel they were meeting at without participating in a scheduled joint signing ceremony. Trump is expected to hold a press conference at the top of the hour. #TrumpKimSummit
Update: White House press pool has been told to load into the motorcade in front of Metropole. It’s looking less likely the working lunch and joint signing ceremony will take place. #TrumpKimSummit
JUST IN: Sarah Sanders says there has been a “program change” in Hanoi. Trump and Kim will wrap up negotiations in the next 30-45 minutes. It’s unclear if the joint signing ceremony will take place. Trump’s presser has been moved up. #TrumpKimSummit
Texas democrats have privately told me they believe Joaquin Castro would bring out an unprecedented number of Hispanic voters in 2020. Most I have talked to were hoping Beto would forgo a second Senate run.
NEWS: @BetoORourke has decided to forgo a 2020 Senate race against John Cornyn, a source with knowledge confirms to me.
He's (basically) running: 		"Amy and I have made a decision about how we can best serve our COUNTRY (emphasis mine). We are excited to share it with everyone soon," Beto O'Rourke tells the Dallas Morning News.
Sources: Beto O'Rourke won't challenge John Cornyn for Senate, paving way for presidential bid, Dallas Morning News reports.		https://t.co/228iJ5bvvN
@MMedinanews *Your rearview mirror 2 minutes later * https://t.co/iYfHoIkQ6Y
Following a "1:1 conversation," President Trump and Chairman Kim will hold a social dinner at the Metropole Hotel. 		Joining Trump:	 - Secretary of State Mike Pompeo	- Acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney	- Dr. Yun-hyang Lee, the interpreter from the first summit	#TrumpKimSummit
Cohen: "For those who question my motives for being here today, I understand. I have lied, but I am not a liar. I have done bad things, but I am not a bad man. I have fixed things, but I am no longer your “fixer,” Mr. Trump"
Cohen in prepared opening: "He asked me to pay off an adult film star with whom he had an affair, and to lie to his wife about it, which I did. Lying to the First Lady is one of my biggest regrets. She is a kind, good person. I respect her greatly – and she did not deserve that."
COHEN: "Donald Trump is a man who ran for office to make his brand great, not to make our country great. He had no desire or intention to lead this nation – only to market himself and to build his wealth and power."
Cohen in tomorrow's opening statement: "Yet, last fall I pled guilty in federal court to felonies for the benefit of, at the direction of, and in coordination with Individual #1. For the record: Individual #1 is President Donald J. Trump."
Julián Castro, who has pledged to visit all 50 states during the primary, is in Idaho today for a meet and greet. Tomorrow, Castro heads to Utah to speak at the MEChA HS Leadership Conference, attend a house party and a fundraiser for the Utah Democratic Party Hispanic Caucus.
BREAKING: North Korea's Kim Jong-un has arrived in Vietnam ahead of his summit with President Donald Trump.
NEWS: Bernie Sanders says he will release 10 years of tax returns, says they will be "very boring."
&gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/16sMDtDeks
NOTE: President Trump is scheduled to leave Washington at 12:30 PM; Vice President Pence is scheduled to arrive back in Washington at 6:40 PM. For 6 hours and 10 minutes Speaker Pelosi will be the highest-ranking government official on U.S. soil.
Vice President Mike Pence is heading to Bogota, Colombia this morning to meet with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaidó and Colombian President Iván Duque Márquez.
ARE YOU F----- KIDDING ME!! #Oscars
This commercial was incredible. https://t.co/JjHc4P5KO1
┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻| _	┻┳| •.•)  it's always remember us 	┳┻|⊂ﾉ   this way	┻┳| https://t.co/MFllvZN9hl
OSCAR WINNER LADY GAGA. #Oscars
I'm fine..................I'm not fine. #Oscars
TOMORROW: President Trump will leave Washington en route to Hanoi, Vietnam for his second summit with North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
Kelly Knight Craft is President Trump’s nominee for UN Ambassador https://t.co/VQJ2gKEQhF
INBOX: @CoryBooker will deliver keynote remarks at Brown Chapel AME Church’s Annual “Bloody Sunday” Commemorative Community Service in Selma, Alabama next Sunday.
NEWS: @CoryBooker met with Texas Democratic Party Chairman Gilberto Hinojosa last week in DC, a source confirms.
Speaker Pelosi has sent a "dear colleagues" letter to encourage all members to cosponsor @JoaquinCastrotx's privileged resolution to terminate President Trump’s emergency declaration. The deadline for cosponsors is 3 PM tomorrow and the resolution will be introduced on Friday.
BREAKING: The FBI’s Houston field office is opening a civil rights investigation into the Houston Police Department after a fabricated search warrant resulted in the death of two. https://t.co/cWeQGTrRn0
JUST IN: Jussie Smollett is now officially classified as a suspect in a criminal investigation for filing a false police report, the Chicago Police Department says.
NEWS: President Trump will nominate Deputy Transportation Secretary Jeffery Rosen to be the next Deputy Attorney General, WH says.
“Congratulations to Senator Sanders on joining the race for president. He already has had such a profound impact on the Democratic Party that many presidential candidates hold up his self-described socialist views as their standard,” Howard Schultz spox says in a statement.
Bernie Sanders raised over $3.3 million from more than 120,000 individual donors since announcing his second presidential bid this morning, per source.
NEWS: The Department of Transportation is cancelling $929 million in federal grant funds intended for the California High-Speed Rail project. The department says it is "actively exploring every legal option" to get back the $2.5 billion it has already granted.
“The United States considers freedom to operate in space a vital national interest... Within the coming weeks we will submit our legislative proposal to Congress to authorize the establishment of the Space Force as the sixth branch of the Armed Forces,” top Pentagon spox says.
Special Representative for North Korea Stephen Biegun is traveling to Hanoi today in preparation for the President’s second summit with DPRK Chairman Kim Jong Un February 27-28, State Department says.
John Hickenlooper will head to Iowa next weekend.
@colbyhall Nauert and Pompeo both have statements in the release from State. https://t.co/OFE24JuBVN
Heather Nauert: “The past two months have been grueling for my family and therefore it is in the best interest of my family that I withdraw my name from consideration."
BREAKING: Heather Nauert has withdrawn herself from consideration as UN Ambassador, State Department spokesman says.
Kirsten Gillibrand is fundraising on criticism of her calling on Al Franken to resign last year. https://t.co/ccubdzbGy1
2020 head-to-head matchups, per Emerson national poll: 		Biden 55%; Trump 45%	Warren 53%; Trump 47%	O’Rourke 53%; Trump 47%	Harris 52%; Trump 48%	Brown 52%; Trump 48% 	Sanders 51%; Trump 49%	Klobuchar 51%; Trump 49%	Booker 51%; Trump 49%
Support among Democrats, per new Emerson national poll	Biden - 27%	Sanders - 17%	Harris - 15%	Warren/Booker - 9%	Klobuchar - 5%	O'Rourke - 4%	Brown - 3%	Bloomberg/Gabbard/ Gillibrand - 2%	Castro - 1%	Delaney/Buttigieg - 0%
Section 4 of the 25th Amendment says the Vice President &amp; majority of "the principal officers of the executive departments" can send the Senate president pro tempore and Speaker a "written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office" https://t.co/fRgBwISelC
California Gov. Gavin Newsom is endorsing Kamala Harris in her run for president, he says on MSNBC.
BREAKING: President Trump's national emergency declaration is facing its first lawsuit in the DC District Court. Public Citizen, a nonprofit consumer advocacy organization, is suing on behalf of Frontera Audubon Society and three landowners in South Texas.
NEWS: Mueller recommends Manafort serve between 19 and 24 years in prison.
“The president has made a strong case for increased border security, but declaring a national emergency is unnecessary, unwise and inconsistent with the U.S. Constitution,” Senator Alexander (R-TN) says in a statement.
INBOX: President Trump has officially issued a national emergency on the southern border. https://t.co/mSRKqr0Ora
Senator Elizabeth Warren will be on "The Late Late Show with James Corden" on Tuesday.
Asked about his definition of an emergency, @PeteButtigieg tells a story about activating the city’s emergency operation center “We have a problem with climate change — it’s not just happening on the North Pole, it is happening in communities like mine. That’s an emergency.”
Pete Buttigieg on Colbert: If being gay was a choice “that’s way above me pay grade.”
President Trump will deliver remarks on the "national security and humanitarian crisis on our southern border" from the Rose Garden tomorrow before departing for Mar-a-Lago, WH says.
Senator Marco Rubio says he is "skeptical" about President Trump issuing an emergency declaration. 		“We have a crisis at our southern border, but no crisis justifies violating the Constitution...a future president may use this exact same tactic to impose the Green New Deal."
“Declaring a national emergency would be a lawless act, a gross abuse of the power of the presidency.....the Congress will defend our constitutional authorities,”  Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer say in a joint statement. https://t.co/hXJVt4en7a
NEWS: NBC News, MSNBC and Telemundo will host the first DNC primary debate in June; CNN gets second debate in July.
WH: “President Trump will sign the government funding bill, and as he has stated before, he will also take other executive action - including a national emergency - to ensure we stop the national security and humanitarian crisis at the border.“
BREAKING NEWS: McConnell says Trump will sign the sownding bill AND will declare a national emergency.
JUST IN: Senate confirms William Barr as Attorney General.
NEWS: The Appropriations Committees have completed the final text of the funding bill and it has been made available to House conferees, who will have an hour to view it. After the hour, Chairwoman Nita Lowey will file the legislation, per House Democratic aide.
Former Deputy Director of the FBI Andrew McCabe will be on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert next Tiesday.
Mayor @PeteButtigieg will be on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert tomorrow.
FEMA Administrator Brock Long is leaving the Trump administration, DHS Secretary Nielsen confirms. Deputy Administrator Pete Gaynor will become Acting Administrator.
Amy Klobuchar raised over $1 million in the 48 hours following her announcement in Minneapolis, her campaign says. Campaign adds that less than 20 minutes after the announcement she received campaign contributions from every state.
Sarah Sanders: "President Trump condemns all acts of violence against any individual or group of people - including members of the press. We ask that anyone attending an event do so in a peaceful and respectful manner.”
Border security deal framework, per a congressional aide: 		- $1.375 billion for physical barriers (55 new miles of bollard fencing – no wall)	- A decline in ICE funding to reduce funding the number of beds from 49,057 now to 40,520 at the end of the fiscal year
President Trump will hold a cabinet meeting and meet with Gov. Cuomo in the Oval Office tomorrow, per White House schedule.
Nearly 7,000 people joined @BetoORourke at his event tonight, his spokesman says citing law enforcement.
"Democrats cannot support a full-year CR for Homeland Security without significant anomalies," a House Democratic aide says. Aide says a clean full-year CR for DHS would allow the Trump administration to increase funding for "both physical barriers and ICE detention beds."
Congresswoman Ilhan Omar: "I unequivocally apologize." https://t.co/0tl9GuvQZk
JUST IN: Acting Secretary of Defense Pat Shanahan is making an unannounced visit to Afghanistan. Shanahan told reporters traveling with him that he has no instruction from the White House to reduce troop presence in Afghanistan
President Trump will sign an Executive Order on “Maintaining American Leadership in Artificial Intelligence,” per his schedule.
Congressman Walter Jones (NC-03) died this afternoon in Greenville, North Carolina; he was 76. https://t.co/MCS4jpQ1p9
Klobuchar: "We must respect our front line troops, diplomats and intelligence officers... who are out there every day risking their lives for us...they deserve better than foreign policy by Tweet."
Amy Klobuchar: "I stand before you as the granddaughter of an iron ore miner, as the daughter of a teacher and a newspaperman, as the first woman elected to the United States Senate from the State of Minnesota, to announce my candidacy for President of the United States."
Joining Amy Klobuchar at her 2020 announcement today, per campaign:	 	- Senator Tina Smith	- Minnesota Governor Tim Walz	- Lt. Governor Peggy Flanagan	- Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey	- Duluth Mayor Emily Larson	- Moorhead Mayor Jonathan Judd
Awesome moment at the @PanicAtTheDisco concert tonight in Austin! @patdhearts https://t.co/yFQF7A91Bd
Harris joins other 2020 hopefuls in calling for Fairfax to resign &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/Y4MVgvlqBg
Castro now calling on Fairfax to resign &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/zokmhgEzFQ
Hope says Virginia Lt. Governor Justin Fairfax has until Monday to resign before articles of impeachment are introduced. https://t.co/4sVmndmba2
Warren calls on Fairfax to resign &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/0La10Eae7Q
CNN’s @ryanobles is reporting that Virginia State Del. Patrick Hope — a Democrat who is originally from San Antonio — has begun the process of drafting articles of impeachment against Lt. Governor Justin Fairfax.
Gillibrand calls on Fairfax to resign &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/FOevmPvtQX
Booker calls on Fairfax to resign &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/gfdGaL7aX0
NEWS: Congressman Al Green says he will call for a third vote on the impeachment of President Trump "regardless of the findings of the Mueller investigation." 		"We cannot allow bigotry to go unchecked," Green says in a statement.
Former Congressman John Dingell, the longest serving member of Congress in U.S. history, has died at 92.
Joint statement from Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine &amp; Representatives Bobby Scott, Gerry Connolly, Don Beyer, A. Donald McEachin, Elaine Luria, Abigail Spanberger and Jennifer Wexton on Governor Northam, Lieutenant Governor Fairfax and Attorney General Herring. https://t.co/SAGVchijBI
President Trump and the First Lady will host President Ivan Duque Marquez and First Lady Maria Juliana Ruiz Sandoval of Colombia at the White House on Feb. 13, WH says.
NATO Heads of State and Government will meet in London in December, Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces.
Amy Klobuchar's website says the site is paid for by "AFA, INC."		Her Senate campaign committee was "Klobuchar for Minnesota"		She's making a "big announcement" on her 2020 plans this Sunday in Minneapolis.		Amy for America? https://t.co/52wy58Z6hv
It's Twitter official &gt;&gt; https://t.co/IpDMaeDYOF
NEWS: Speaking on MSNBC, Senator Amy Klobuchar said she will announce her 2020 plans this Sunday in Minneapolis.
Stacey Abrams: "America wins by fighting for our shared values against all enemies: foreign and domestic.  That is who we are – and when we do so, never wavering - the state of our union will always be strong." #SOTU
Stacey Abrams: "So even as I am very disappointed by the president’s approach to our problems – I still don’t want him to fail. But we need him to tell the truth, and to respect his duties and the extraordinary diversity that defines America." #SOTU
Stacey Abrams: "The foundation of our moral leadership around the globe is free and fair elections, where voters pick their leaders – not where politicians pick their voters." #SOTU
Stacey Abrams: "Compassionate treatment at the border is not the same as open borders. President Reagan understood this. President Obama understood this. And Americans understand this." #SOTU
Stacey Abrams: "I stand here tonight because I hold fast to my father’s credo – together, we are coming for America, for a better America." #SOTU
LET THE STATEMENTS BEGIN! #SOTU
The prepared text of tonight's #SOTU -- 5,247 word.
TRUMP: "We must always keep faith in America's destiny -- that one Nation, under God, must be the hope and the promise and the light and the glory among all the nations of the world!" #SOTU
TRUMP: "No matter the trials we face, no matter the challenges to come, we must go forward together." #SOTU
TRUMP: "I ask the men and women of this Congress:  Look at the opportunities before us!  Our most thrilling achievements are still ahead. Our most exciting journeys still await. Our biggest victories are still to come. We have not yet begun to dream." #SOTU
The chamber just sang happy birthday to Judah Samet, who survived the Tree of Life shooting and the Holocaust. Judah yells back "thank you!" #SOTU
TRUMP: "Here, in the United States, we are alarmed by new calls to adopt socialism in our country...Tonight, we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country." #SOTU
TRUMP: "If I had not been elected [POTUS], we would right now, in my opinion, be in a major war with North Korea.  Much work remains to be done...and Chairman Kim and I will meet again on February 27 and 28 in Vietnam." #SOTU
TRUMP: "I am also proud to be the first President to include in my budget a plan for nationwide paid family leave -- so that every new parent has the chance to bond with their newborn child." #SOTU
TRUMP: "When Grace completed treatment last fall, her doctors and nurses cheered with tears in their eyes as she hung up a poster that read:  "Last Day of Chemo."  #SOTU
TRUMP:  My budget will ask Democrats and Republicans to make the needed commitment to eliminate the HIV epidemic in the United States within 10 years." #SOTU
TRUMP: "The next major priority for me, and for all of us, should be to lower the cost of healthcare and prescription drugs -- and to protect patients with pre-existing conditions." #SOTU
President Trump will use tonight's #SOTU to announce he and  North Korean President Kim Jong-un will meet again on February 27 and 28 in Vietnam.
A moment of bipartisanship -- every member chanting U-S-A as Trump highlights the fact that this Congress has the most women in history. #SOTU
TRUMP: "Exactly one century after the Congress passed the Constitutional amendment giving women the right to vote, we also have more women serving in the Congress than ever before." #SOTU
TRUMP: "Simply put, walls work and walls save lives." #SOTU
TRUMP: "In the past, most of the people in this room voted for a wall -- but the proper wall never got built.  I'll get it built." #SOTU
TRUMP: "Tonight, I am asking you to defend our very dangerous southern border out of love and devotion to our fellow citizens and to our country." #SOTU
TRUMP: "Now is the time for the Congress to show the world that America is committed to ending illegal immigration and putting the ruthless coyotes, cartels, drug dealers, and human traffickers out of business." #SOTU
TRUMP: "If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation.  It just doesn't work that way!" #SOTU
TRUMP: Members of Congress:  the State of our Union is strong." #SOTU
Energy Secretary Rick Perry is tonight’s designated survivor. #SOTU
TRUMP: “It is unacceptable that Americans pay vastly more than people in other countries for the exact same drugs, often made in the exact same place.  This is wrong, unfair, and together we can stop it.” #SOTU
TRUMP: “No issue better illustrates the divide between America’s working class and America’s political class than illegal immigration.  Wealthy politicians and donors push for open borders while living their lives behind walls and gates and guards.” #SOTU
TRUMP: “After 24 months of rapid progress, our economy is the envy of the world, our military is the most powerful on earth, and America is winning each and every day.” #SOTU
TRUMP in tonight’s #SOTU: “The agenda I will lay out this evening is not a Republican Agenda or a Democrat Agenda.  It is the agenda of the American People.”
Stacey Abrams will say Americans need to “reject the cynicism that says allowing every eligible vote to be cast and counted is a “power grab.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called a plan to make Election Day a federal holiday a “power grab.” #SOTU
In her response in behalf of the Democratic Party, Stacey Abrams will say “the shutdown was a stunt engineered by the President of the United States, one that defied every tenet of fairness and abandoned not just our people - but our values,” according to excerpts released. #SOTU
Confirmed cabinet members attending the #SOTU	- Secretary Pompeo	- Acting Secretary Shanahan	- Acting AG Whitaker	- Secretary Azar	- Acting Secretary Bernhardt	- Secretary Chao
The release of the designated survivor will come in about an hour, Sarah Sanders tells the press pool.
NEWS: Beto O'Rourke says he will decide by the end of the month on his 2020 plans.
Supreme Court Justices expected to attend tonight’s #SOTU: 		- Chief Justice Roberts	- Justice Kagan	- Justice Gorsuch	- Justice Kavanaugh
RT @washingtonpost: Because knowing empowers us.	Knowing helps us decide.	Knowing keeps us free.	#democracydiesindarkness	https://t.co/j20M…
I am calling for a total and complete shutdown of #SuperBowl halftime shows until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.
Gladys Knight is a national treasure #SuperBowl
“After we watched his press conference today, we called Governor Northam to tell him that we no longer believe he can effectively serve as Governor of Virginia and that he must resign," Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine and Congressman Bobby Scott say in joint statement.
2020 Democrats who have called for Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam to resign:	- Julián Castro	- Kamala Harris	- Kirsten Gillibrand	- Elizabeth Warren	- Cory Booker	- John Delaney		No statement yet (as far as I know)	- Pete Buttigieg	- Tulsi Gabbard	- Andrew Yang	- Marianne Williamson
Harris joins Castro in calling for Northam to resign &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/U4XC3Fhl04
The president of the NAACP is also calling for Northam to resign https://t.co/nQCFjzPgZ2
Castro is calling for Gov. Northam to resign after a racist photo of him surfaced today &gt;&gt; https://t.co/vHrra1pbCP
Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam confirms the photo published today is him but does not say if he’s in blackface or the KKK robe. He is not resigning instead offering his “sincerest apology.” https://t.co/EIUMlHxQZD
Ralph Northam yearbook page shows men in blackface and KKK robe		https://t.co/8RcVTdTsLe
Hillary for Anerica communications staff in 2020:	Kamala Harris: @adamslily, @IanSams, @MiryamLipper 	Kirsten Gillibrand: @EmmyA2, @alexandria_gp
San Antonio Mayor @Ron_Nirenberg will attend the State of the Union next week as @RepCuellar guest, Cuellar’s office tells me.
Former San Antonio Mayor and HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros gave @JulianCastro's presidential exploratory committee $2,700 -- the federal limit.
NEWS: @JulianCastro's presidential exploratory committee raised $220,387 in the last 20 days of 2018, according to a FEC filing. The campaign reports they have $202,510 cash on hand.
NEW: Senator Elizabeth Warren will officially launch her presidential campaign on Feb. 9. Warren announced she was forming an exploratory committee on New Years Eve.
NEWS: The Trump campaign says it raised more than $21 million in the last quarter of 2018 from "both direct contributions and contributions raised through its joint fundraising committees with the Republican National Committee." It ended the year with $19.2 million cash on hand.
@PeteButtigieg on what qualifies him to be POTUS: "I’ve got more experience in government than the President of the United States. I’ve got more years of executive experience than the Vice President. I have more military experience than [any president]...since George H.W. Bush."
Garcetti confirms he will not run for president in 2020. https://t.co/RXYqjmmF4g
Stacey Abrams will deliver the Democratic Response to President Trump’s State of the Union address and California’s Attorney General Xavier Becerra will deliver the Spanish language response to the speech, Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer announce.
Kamala Harris: “I support a Green New Deal.” #HarrisTownHall
“I’m not going to vote for a wall under any circumstances — and I do support border security,” Kamala Harris says on CNN #HarrisTownHall.
President Trump says it is his "great honor" to accept Speaker Pelosi’s invitation to give the State of the Union on Feb. 5. “We have a great story to tell and yet, great goals to achieve!” Trump writes.
NEWS: Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker says Robert Mueller investigation is "close to being complete."
JUST IN: Speaker Nancy Pelosi has sent a letter to President Trump inviting him to deliver his State of the Union address next Tuesday.
Mike Bloomberg: "...there is no way an independent can win. That is truer today than ever before. In 2020, the great likelihood is that an independent would just split the anti-Trump vote and end up re-electing the President."
INBOX: The White House will hold its first press briefing since Dec. 18 this afternoon.
@RebeccaBuck As might be expected -- Joaquin Castro endorsed his brother, Julián.
Congressman Ted Lieu becomes (I believe) the first member of Congress to endorse Senator Kamala Harris &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/tYiPcHEGDj
Kirsten Gillibrand will visit New Hampshire later this week with stops in Manchester and the North Country. Gillibrand will be the first 2020 presidential candidate to visit the North Country, per her campaign.
@byrdinator Congratulations! Has anyone warned @SenatorTimScott yet?
Kirsten Gillibrand's presidential exploratory committee has announced two senior staff hires in Iowa. Lara Henderson will be the state director and Rachel Irwin will handle communications.
The DCCC has announced its "Initial 2020 Offensive Battlefield" targeting Mike McCaul (TX-10), Chip Roy (TX-21), Pete Olson (TX-22), Will Hurd (TX-23), Kenny Marchant (TX-24) and John Carter (TX-31).
Schultz says he is "seriously considering" running as an independent candidate. https://t.co/3lrtRW0R3W
Kamala Harris: "With faith in God, with fidelity to country and with the fighting spirit I got from my mother – I stand before you today to announce my candidacy for President of the United States.”
RT @AP: BREAKING: President Trump signs bill ending longest government shutdown in U.S. history
INBOX: Tulsi Gabbard will officially announce her candidacy for President of the United States and kick off the campaign at an Aloha Rally held on Oʻahu on Saturday, February 2.
“... both parties are consistently not doing what's necessary on behalf of the American people and are engaged, every single day, in revenge politics.”	 	Howard Schultz sounding more like an independent candidate in ‘60 Minutes’ interview. https://t.co/Onwpbff68S
“This was in no way a concession.” https://t.co/SnkaGCmbzJ
House, Senate pass three-week continuing resolution to end the 35-day partial government shutdown. The CR now heads to President Trump for his signature.
Senator Bernie Sanders will launch a second bid for president, Yahoo News reports. https://t.co/7wGIjYVekb
ICYMI: Richard Ojeda, who launched a long-shot bid for the Democratic nomination, is suspending his campaign.
Howard Schultz, who’s reportedly eying a 2020 independent bid, will be on 60 Minutes this weekend, network says. Schultz will also be on CBS This Morning next Tuesday.
“During the summer of 2016, STONE spoke to senior Trump Campaign officials about [WikiLeaks] and information it might have had that would be damaging to the Clinton Campaign. STONE was contacted by senior Trump Campaign officials to inquire about future releases by [WikiLeaks].”
Roger Stone was arrested this morning on one count of obstruction of an official proceeding, five counts of false statements and one count of witness tampering, Robert Mueller’s office says. Stone will make an appearance later today at the federal courthouse in Fort Lauderdale.
He's running. https://t.co/jWoJN6inP5
@PressSec: “Leader Mitch McConnell and Senator Chuck Schumer are meeting now to see whether or not they can work out of the deadlock. As was made clear to Senator Lindsay Graham, the 3 week CR would only work if there is a large down payment on the wall.”
“Senator Rosen regrets that she was not able to travel to Washington, D.C. this week for votes. She is at home in Las Vegas following doctor’s orders, recovering from an injury she sustained during the MLK parade this past Monday in Las Vegas,” her spokesman says in a statement.
Graham says he just spoke to President Trump and they discussed a three-week continuing resolution.
Schumer: "Leader McConnell has requested I go to his office."
Senator John Cornyn tell his  colleagues on the Senate floor that voters did not send them to Washington to vote no after he voted no on a clean continuing resolution. He did vote for Trump-backed bill to reopen government and provide border wall funding.
Six Republicans voted with Democrats to end partial shutdown without providing funding for a wall: 		Lamar Alexander (TN)	Susan Collins (ME)	Cory Gardner (CO)	Johnny Isakson (GA)	Lisa Murkowski (AK)	Mitt Romney (UT)
HAPPENING NOW: Democrat-backed bill to end the partial government shutdown fails to clear 60 vote hurdle.
HAPPENING NOW: Trump-backed bill to end the partial government shutdown and fund border wall fails to clear 60 vote hurdle.
Has anyone ever seen @SenatorBennet as fired up as he is right now on the Senate floor?
Senator Michael Bennet (D-Colorado): "This idea that Democrats are for open borders is gibberish."
POTUS says he will deliver State of the Union address “when the shutdown is over” https://t.co/4nCJfpn5QJ
Kirsten Gillibrand is planning campaign trips to New Hampshire, South Carolina, Nevada and Texas, her campaign manager says.
Kirsten Gillibrand's campaign manager tells supporters on a call that Gillibrand's announcement on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" was the highest rated episode of the week.
Buttigieg: “I’m obviously not stepping on this stage as the most famous person in this conversation.”
Pete Buttigieg, the 37-year-old openly gay mayor of South Bend, Indiana, is launching a presidential exploratory committee &gt;&gt; https://t.co/204ukUPcBW
Presidential candidate @JulianCastro will attend the Martin Luther King Jr. march in San Antonio, his campaign confirms. San Antonio has the largest march in the nation.
Schumer on Trump's proposal: "Unfortunately, he keeps putting forward one-sided and ineffective remedies. There’s only way out: open up the government, Mr. President, and then Democrats and Republicans can have a civil discussion and come up with bipartisan solutions."
BREAKING: President Trump is offering Democrats three years of legislative protection for 700,000 DACA recipients &amp; 300,000 immigrants on temporary protected status in exchange for $5.7 billion in funding for a border wall.
POTUS to make “major announcement” tomorrow &gt;&gt; https://t.co/4TvigR83eM
Baltimore Sun: Kamala Harris picks Baltimore as site for headquarters for potential presidential campaign		https://t.co/n5DFmNGRxW
Congresswoman Elaine Luria (VA-02): “The President’s comment that lawmakers visiting Afghanistan is a ‘public relations event’ is an insult to the brave men and women serving in harm’s way”
@JulianCastro is on "The View" tomorrow &gt;&gt; https://t.co/psil4NnlRk
CENTCOM: "Two U.S. servicemembers, one Department of Defense (DoD) civilian and one contractor supporting DoD were killed and three servicemembers were injured while conducting a local engagement in Manbij, Syria, Jan. 16, 2019.
Sherrod Brown is launching a “Dignity of Work” tour later this month with stops in Ohio, Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina. The tour will begin in Cleveland on Jan. 30, and head to Iowa the next day.
INBOX: SHERROD BROWN ANNOUNCES ‘DIGNITY OF WORK’ TOUR OF IA, NH, NV, SC
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand is forming a presidential exploratory committee &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/dPZDHY37ns
NEWS: Acting Secretary of Defense Pat Shanahan has approved a Department of Homeland Security request for DoD's assistance at the border to continue through Sept. 30, Pentagon says.
NEWS: Rep. Steve King will not be on any committees after the GOP steering committee voted unanimously to strip him of his committee assignments.
President Trump says the National Enquirer is "far more accurate" than the Washington Post. American Media Inc.'s CEO David Pecker was granted immunity and admitted to buying the rights to Karen McDougal’s story about having an affair with Trump and then not publishing it. https://t.co/xuOHav897B
CNN's KFile: Tulsi Gabbard once touted working for anti-gay group that backed conversion therapy		https://t.co/WOeFN35ul4
Got a chance to meet @merica and @NolanDMcCaskill today at Julián Castro’s announcement. Thanks for taking a few moments during a hectic day.
He also made a day trip to Camp David last Sunday.
"I haven't actually left the White House in months," President Trump tells FOX. He traveled to Iraq on Christmas, Texas on Thursday and will be in Louisiana on Monday.
Senator Joe Manchin: "As an equal branch of government we have the authority to override the President’s veto, if that’s what he chooses to do. It’s time for Congress to stop cowering to the executive branch.... "
"There are no front-runners born here, but I've always believed that with big dreams and hard work, anything is possible."		https://t.co/AAm4Zd24Qd
Campaign chairman @JoaquinCastrotx gaggles with the press after his brother announced his bid for president. https://t.co/rGGgsj4rcd
Castro: As long as we work for it,	tomorrow will always be better than today. So, let's get to work. Vamonos!"
Nearly 2,000 people attended @JulianCastro announcement this morning, according to his campaign.
Castro: "I won’t be accepting a dime of PAC money in this campaign and as President, we will work to overturn Citizens United—to get big money out of politics."
Castro: As President, my first executive order will recommit the United States to the Paris Climate Accord."
Castro: "Yeah, we have to have border security, but there is a smart and humane way to do it...We say no to building a wall and say yes to building community. "
Castro: "There is a crisis today	 – it’s a crisis of leadership.  Donald Trump has failed to uphold the values of our great nation."
Castro: "We're gonna keep saying Black Lives Matter while working toward a justice system where it’s true."
Campaign slogan: “One Nation. One Destiny.”
Castro will travel to San Juan on Monday to deliver remarks at the Latino Victory Fund Political Summit. He’ll also visit hurricane recovery site visits with San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz.
Julián Castro’s twin brother, Congressman Joaquin Castro, will serve as the campaign chairman. Maya Rupert will be campaign manager.
Castro: “When my grandmother got here almost a hundred years ago, I’m sure she never could have imagined that just two generations later” I “would be standing with you here today to say these words: I am a candidate for President of the United States of America.”
BREAKING: Julián Castro, the former mayor of San Antonio and housing chief under President Obama, announces his bid for president.
Castro: “There are no front runners that are born here but I've always believed that with big dreams and hard work anything is possible."
@JulianCastro takes the stage at Plaza Guadalupe to announce his 2020 bid. https://t.co/TCbMJtm3Is
Joaquin Castro jokes he will grow a beard if Julián is elected so people can tell them apart.
Plaza Guadalupe in San Antonio is filing up as @JulianCastro prepares to announce his 2020 plans https://t.co/ZHrFy6242D
Rosie Castro, @JulianCastro mother, will introduce him at today’s event.
@JulianCastro has arrived at Plaza Guadalupe where he will announce his 2020 plans shortly.
@JulianCastro is on Facebook Live right now as he rides the bus to his 2020 announcement.
CNN: Hawaii Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard will run for president; expect a formal announcement within the next week.		https://t.co/lueG1MkcEa
Cornyn on diverting disaster relief to border wall: "I will tell you that I will oppose any reprogramming of Harvey disaster funds. We worked very hard to make sure that the victims of Hurricane Harvey - their concerns are addressed...and I think we are all together on that.”
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's recovery is "on track" and post-surgery evaluation show "no evidence of remaining disease," the Supreme Court says. Ginsburg will continue to work from home next week.
White House announces Charlie Kupperman has been named Deputy National Security Advisor.
Colbert: Are you gonna run for president? 		@KamalaHarris: I might! https://t.co/XcmnzZl3sT
RT @AndySpecht: When you tell your parents you want to major in journalism https://t.co/w50bA1bO6c
President Trump, Speaker Pelosi nor Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer made any news in their addresses tonight. These are the exact same arguments they have been making.
President Trump did not use his first national address from the Oval Office to declare a national emergency. No big news from the address.
HAPPENING NOW: President Trump is addressing the nation from the Oval Office.
President Trump and Vice President Pence will attend the Senate GOP Policy lunch on Capitol Hill tomorrow, the White House says.
Schumer and Pelosi in a joint statement: “Now that the television networks have decided to air the President’s address, which if his past statements are any indication will be full of malice and misinformation, Democrats must immediately be given equal airtime.”
Marianne Williamson will make a "big announcement" on Jan. 28 in Los Angeles. Williamson is currently exploring a bid for the 2020 Democratic nomination.
President Trump on the border wall: “This should have been done by all of the presidents that preceded me and they all know it...Some of them have told me that we should have done it.”		Presidents Obama, Bush 43, Clinton and Carter have all said they did not say that. https://t.co/rDARiexzjK
President Trump will deliver his first Oval Office address to the nation tomorrow night. He's expected to address the "humanitarian and national security crisis" at the U.S.-Mexico border.
President Trump will travel to the U.S.-Mexico border this Thursday, White House says. The FAA has issued a VIP movement notice for McAllen, Texas.
Bohemian Rhapsody was incredible but over A Star is Born?????
&gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/q5jG3T0jtG
Susan Zirinsky will replace David Rhodes as CBS News president, becoming first woman to lead division. Rhodes' contract ends next month.		https://t.co/LiiVVuAHs6
RT @goldenglobes: Congratulations to Lady Gaga (@ladygaga), Mark Ronson (@MarkRonson), Anthony Rossomando, and Andrew Wyatt (@Wyattish) for…
RT @SATXPolice: PLEASE RT: We need your help locating 8-month-old King Jay Davila who was taken while inside his fathers car on the 300 blk…
Elizabeth Warren also changed her Twitter handle just prior to announcing her exploratory committee. https://t.co/f9oZv6XObP
Julian Castro will be in Iowa on Monday and Nevada on Tuesday and Wednesday, a spokeswoman confirms. Castro will announce his 2020 plans next Saturday at Plaza Guadalupe in San Antonio.
BREAKING: Democrat-controlled House passes bills to re-open government without funding border wall; Senate GOP unlikely to bring bills to floor.
NEW: Speaker Pelosi has invited President Trump to deliver the State of the Union address on Jan. 29.
Pool: White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders will hold a briefing in approximately five minutes, per officials.
@NancyPelosi is now @SpeakerPelosi
BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) becomes the second person in history to reascend to Speaker of the House of Representatives.
“Let me be clear, House Democrats are down with NDP,” @RepJeffries says as he nominates Pelosi for speaker.
Senator Chuck Grassley is now the Senate president pro tempore. Grassley will be third in line for the presidency behind Vice President Pence and soon-to-be Speaker Pelosi.
Despite being sworn in second, Kyrsten Sinema will be the senior senator from Arizona. https://t.co/2phVB0F178
INBOX: Senator Kamala Harris will be on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" on Thursday, Jan. 10.
Martin O'Malley: "I will not be running for president in 2020, but I hope Beto O’Rourke does. And this is why." 		https://t.co/cm51xxRuG5
White House releases photo of today’s briefing on border security with congressional leaders. (Photo: Shealah Craighead/ White House) https://t.co/YGjclJDPiw
@JulianCastro will announce his plans to run for president at Plaza Guadalupe in San Antonio on Jan. 12.
White House schedule just sent out has nothing listed for President Trump tomorrow. There had been speculation about a border trip after the FAA issued a VIP advisory for McAllen, but two administration sources confirmed Trump is not making the trip.		https://t.co/SklzwAO101
Senate Judiciary Committee announced that the committee will hold a hearing on Jan.15 and 16 to consider the nomination of William Barr to serve as Attorney General.
“Under his Ethics Agreement, Mr. Shanahan has recused himself for the duration of his service in the Department of Defense from participating in matters in which the Boeing Company is a party,” a spokesman for the Acting SecDef says.
David Norquist will assume the duties of Deputy Secretary of Defense, Pentagon says. Norquist is currently the Chief Financial Officer and Comptroller.
Acting Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan: “Under the direction of President Trump, the Department of Defense remains focused on safeguarding our nation...I now look forward to working with President Trump to carry out his vision“ https://t.co/tFdsp0nlOa
NEW: Vice President Pence's spokesman says the VP is not planning a trip to the border this week. Two sources tell me President Trump will not be making the trip either. Speculation about a border visit began after the FAA issued a VIP advisory for McAllen, Texas.
BREAKING: President Trump will not be visiting the U.S.-Mexico border Thursday, two administration sources confirm. Speculation began after the FAA issued a VIP advisory for McAllen, Texas. One source tells me Trump still plans on visiting before the State of the Union.
INBOX: Lowey, House Democrats Release Legislation to Reopen Federal Government, Fund Most Agencies Through September 30.
Melania Trump is heading back to Florida “to be with her son,” her spokeswoman confirms.
White House photos show President and Mrs. Trump boarding Air Force One inside a hanger at Joint Base Andrews to avoid being seen before their unannounced trip to Iraq. (Photo: Shealah Craighead/ The White House) https://t.co/ARHmpt2Q6R
President and Mrs. Trump are wheels up frm Ramstein, Germany — next stop Joint Base Andrews.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is meeting with Iraq's Prime Minister in Baghdad on January 11, per @PressSec.
Sarah Sanders says the meeting between Trump and the Iraqi Prime Minister was not canceled but due to security reasons, the WH was only able to invite the prime minister two hours before the scheduled meeting and that the prime minister was in a different part of Iraq.
Air Force One landed in Ramstein, Germany where Trump plans to meet with troops stationed here.
During their call, Trump invited the Iraqi prime minister to visit the White House and the prime minister accepted, @PressSec said.
President Trump spoke on the phone with Iraqi Prime Minister Adil Abdul-Mahdi while Trump was at the base in Iraq. They had been scheduled to meet in person at the base but the meeting was canceled for security and logistical reasons, White House says.
The White House has been planning the Iraq trip for over six weeks, @PressSec tells me in an email. The original plan was for President and Mrs. Trump to leave from Florida.
The moment President and Mrs. Trump arrived to visit troops at Al Asad Airbase. https://t.co/ZM69AgiYdP
Air Force One is wheels up and leaving Iraq. There will be another scheduled stop on the way back to Joint Base Andrews, per pool.
Trump on why he visited Iraq during the partial government shutdown: “We actually had a couple set up but were canceled for security reasons because people were finding out."
NEWS: President Trump told reporters that he was planning on “going to the wall” on the Southwest Border of the U.S. early next year for a “ground breaking.” He said he planned to visit the border before the State of the Union address.
The details of the Iraq trip were embargoed until President Trump had finished giving remarks to a group of about 100 mostly U.S. special operations troops, per press pool.
President and Mrs. Trump left the WH unannounced on Dec. 25 for Joint Base Andrews. The traveling press pool was already on the plane and did not see them board. Air Force One was wheels up at 12:06 am ET on Dec. 26 and landed at 11:16 am ET at Al Asad Airbase, per pool report.
DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen: “I will be travelling to the border later this week to see first-hand the medical screenings and conditions at Border Patrol stations.”
BREAKING: President and Mrs.  Trump made a surprise visit to Iraq, White House says.
President and Mrs. Trump are at the Washington National Cathedral for 10 PM Christmas Eve services, per White House pool.
NEW: “President Erdogan invited President Trump to visit Turkey in 2019. While nothing definite is being planned, the President is open to a potential meeting in the future," White House says.
@MMedinanews Pie is definitely more of a Thanksgiving thing. Christmas is for cookies.
Corker responds &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/NCUajatpTX
Trump also offered Corker the chance to be the ambassador to Australia. https://t.co/9TBYtZSb98
“The president called Senator Corker on Monday afternoon and asked him to reconsider his decision not to seek reelection and reaffirmed that he would have endorsed him, as he has said many times," Corker's chief of staff Todd Womack in Oct. of 2017. https://t.co/S4wf0gsCkP
Secretary Pompeo was the one who informed Secretary Mattis that he would be leaving the Pentagon next week, a senior administration official confirms.
Mattis said he would leave his post on Feb. 28 but Trump announces he is pushing him out at the beginning of the year. https://t.co/QRpVrPRdGg
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau made a trip to Mali to visit troops overseas before Christmas https://t.co/D8MgycfAHp
President Trump will stay in Washington and Melania Trump will return from Florida so they can spend Christmas together, White House says in a statement.
Schumer’s office: “The Vice President came in for a discussion and made an offer. Unfortunately, we’re still very far apart.”
PELOSI: "Until President Trump can publicly commit to a bipartisan resolution, there will be no agreement before January when the new House Democratic Majority will swiftly pass legislation to re-open government."
BREAKING: Senate has adjourned for the day and will meet again on Dec. 27.
A senior administration official would not say whether or not Trump would veto a bill that did not include $5 billion for the border wall.
Senior administration official says the Trump administration still believes Mexico will pay for the wall, but will not wait for negotiations.
Federal employees will get paid on Dec. 28 for the pay period ending on the 22, per a senior administration official.
A senior administration official would not say whether or not Trump invited Democrats to the White House for negotiations.
Full list of participants for the President’s lunch to discuss border security. McConnell, Schumer, Ryan nor Pelosi not attending. https://t.co/FbLy5mwkc2
Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell said only the White House and Democrats can end the #GovernmentShutdown. The White House invited 7 Republicans to lunch.
Schumer on Senate floor: "President Trump, if you want to open the government -- you must abandon the wall, plain and simple."
Who is heading to the White House? McConnell says he's not going; Dem spox says they "believe it's an R only lunch." https://t.co/gP94t3b1SD
Trump three days ago: "We have defeated ISIS in Syria"		Trump today: "ISIS is largely defeated" https://t.co/hXAIZmLQNC
CBS: Brett McGurk, top U.S. envoy in ISIS fight, resigns		https://t.co/qlzZCcPA20
More Schumer &amp; Pelosi: "If President Trump and Republicans choose to continue this Trump Shutdown, the new House Democratic majority will swiftly pass legislation to re-open government in January."
"Regrettably, America has now entered a Trump Shutdown.... President Trump threw a temper tantrum and convinced House Republicans to push our nation into a destructive Trump Shutdown in the middle of the holiday season," Schumer &amp; Pelosi says in joint statement.
HAPPENING NOW: Federal Government partially shuts down after Trump, Congress unable to agree on border wall spending.
RT @Norad_Northcom: In the event of a government shutdown, NORAD will continue with its 63-year tradition of NORAD Tracks Santa on Dec. 24.…
CNN's KFile: Mick Mulvaney in 2015: Trump's views on border wall 'simplistic,' 'absurd and almost childish'		https://t.co/TGbjaYpkDw
NEW: Supreme Court rejects Trump's plea to temporarily restrict asylum claims at US - Mexico border. Roberts joins liberal justices in the majority.
Trump takes a dig at Beto O'Rourke during Oval Office bill signing: "I thought you were supposed to win before you run for president."
BREAKING NEWS: Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had surgery to remove two malignant nodules from her left lung, Supreme Court says. https://t.co/5BUaT3CtLt
More from WH transcript:		"I am proud to shut down the government for border security...So I will take the mantle. I will be the one to shut it down. I’m not going to blame you for it. The last time you shut it down, it didn’t work. I will take the mantle of shutting down." https://t.co/0PYHcBYIoK
From WH transcript:		THE PRESIDENT: You know what I’ll say: Yes, if we don’t get what we want, one way or the other -- whether it’s through you, through a military, through anything you want to call -- I will shut down the government. Absolutely. https://t.co/0PYHcBYIoK
White House: “President Trump will meet with Senate Republicans this morning at 10:30 to discuss the Funding Bill and the importance of Border Security.”
The House passing the CR with wall funding is an early defeat for Pelosi, who said in an Oval Office meeting that Trump didn't have the votes.
BREAKING: House passes funding bill with $5 billion for border wall by vote of 217-185. The CR will now be sent back to the Senate where it's expected to die.
NEW: President Trump will NOT travel to Mar-A-Lago if the government does shut down.
NBC: Mueller may submit report to attorney general as soon as mid-February, say sources		https://t.co/0GtCHWLdqJ
Secretary Mattis doesn't seem to be retiring like Trump said in his tweet. Mattis says POTUS has "the right to have a Secretary of Defense whose views are better aligned with yours." https://t.co/6qEOsfcRbj
RT @Elizabeth_McLau: Defense Secretary James Mattis has resigned. Here’s the letter: https://t.co/e2PulyXpXZ
WASHINGTON (AP) — Jim Mattis says Trump deserves a defense secretary 'whose views are better aligned with yours,' says he's stepping down.
The first DNC primary debate will be in June 2019, the final one in April 2020.
NEWS: The DNC will host 12 presidential primary debates over the course of the 2020 cycle, with six debates in 2019 and six in 2020.
First part of Nirenberg’s statement: “While it will be challenging, we are committed to the fiscal stewardship that will be required to regain our perfect bond rating. I am confident in our ability to successfully address this situation.”
Nirenberg: “Councilman Brockhouse’s effort to shift responsibility for the downgrade is laughable. Everyone, including the agencies themselves, told us in advance this would happen. Councilman Brockhouse said it was just a scare tactic. Now voters know who was lying. ”
Sculley responds: “We are disappointed in the downgrade, but unfortunately not surprised. The ratings agencies told us earlier this year that, if passed, the propositions on the November ballot could severely limit our financial flexibility“
NEW: Fitch Ratings has downgraded the credit rating of the City of San Antonio from AAA to AA+ due to passage of Prop C in November.
BREAKING: Michael Flynn's sentencing will be postponed so he can finish cooperating with federal prosecutors; status report due on March 13.
RT @WaPoSean: Ducey says Sinema will be sworn in first in Jan. and be the senior senator. McSally will be sworn in second, he said.
Sen. Kamala Harris, eyeing a 2020 run, traveled to Afghanistan as part of a congressional delegation, her office revealed Tuesday.		https://t.co/B5HourB3Jc
DSCC Statement: “Why appoint a loser when you could find a fresh face with a better shot in 2020? That’s the question that will haunt Governor Ducey and the Washington Republicans who installed Martha McSally to a seat she couldn’t earn."
NEW: The Donald J. Trump Foundation has agreeing to dissolve under judicial supervision, New York Attorney General Barbara Underwood says.
@elizacollins1 Wouldn’t she technically be Senator-Designee Martha McSally since she lost the election?
Jon Kyl’s resignation is effective Dec. 31 and Kyrsten Sinema cannot be sworn-in until Jan. 3 meaning Martha McSally could be the senior senator for the state she lost in November.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey will appoint Rep. Martha McSally, who lost November election to Kyrsten Sinema, to the Senate.
JUST IN: President Trump has directed the Secretary of Defense to establish Space Command. Trump also ask Mattis to recommend nominees for Commander and Deputy Commander.
NEWS: CBS board of directors announces Les Moonves has been terminated for cause; he will receive no severance payment. https://t.co/2rKAidr7b8
The U.S. killed 62 al-Shabaab militants during six separate airstrikes in Somalia on Dec. 15 and 16, @USAfricaCommand says.
Colorado Springs Gazette: Under a code name, George H.W. Bush sponsored Filipino child through Colorado Springs-based nonprofit		https://t.co/eG5ZlONHCP
72% of respondents say Hillary Clinton will detract from the race while 76% believe Michelle Obama will add to the race, Des Moines Register/CNN/Mediacom finds.
Interesting nugget from Des Moines Register/CNN/Mediacom poll: 21% of respondents said they will be first time caucusgoers.
RT @SilviaElenaFF: BREAKING: @JoaquinCastrotx says CBP Commissioner Kevin McAleenan admitted to him he knew 7-year-old Jakelin had died in…
UPDATE: “Mick Mulvaney will not resign from the Office Of Management and Budget, but will spend all of his time devoted to his role as the acting Chief Of Staff for the President. Russ Vought will handle day to day operations and run OMB,” @PressSec says.
How did Mulvaney find out he got the job? White House official notes that Mulvaney "didn't find out about it on Twitter."
Russ Vought, Deputy Director of the OMB, will take over the office when Mick Mulvaney moves to acting chief of staff, White House official says.
Julián Castro will be on Meet the Press this Sunday.
Mulvaney will be Acting Chief of Staff &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/8XsAYwtSoG
INBOX: Senator Sherrod Brown Announces Nationwide Facebook Town Hall This Sunday
JUST IN: Robert Mueller's office reports it spent $4,567,533 between April 1 and September 30 of this year.
Former San Antonio mayor Julian Castro formally launches presidential exploratory committee, Julián for the Future. https://t.co/I8OFjLUq8e
AP: Former Obama housing chief Julian Castro says he’s taking a step toward a possible White House campaign in 2020 by forming a presidential exploratory committee. The Texas Democrat tells The Associated Press that he will announce a decision Jan. 12.		https://t.co/wRoYGtIzKk
Anonymous post on LinkedIn looking for campaign state directors:		"A high profile political campaign based on the West Coast is seeking highly skilled political professionals...roles will be based in Nevada, South Carolina and New Hampshire."		https://t.co/HdJqNEJqJ2
Ayers confirms he will leave the White House at the end of the year.  He is expected to transition to a Trump super PAC. https://t.co/YmHyvol6bG
JUST IN: Nick Ayers will not be Trump’s next chief of staff, a White House source confirms. Ayers would not commit to staying in the job for two years.
@AdamKing_News https://t.co/gY8aBQTNTe
Me looking for @AdamKing_News when I got back from my dinner break https://t.co/Uc8Yej8Ajv
Trump will soon announce his third chief of staff in less than two years. https://t.co/bMvqFKTlTT
President Trump tells reporters that John Kelly will leave the White House  by the end of the year; successor to be named in the coming days. Trump had previously asked Kelly to stay on until 2020.
Today is @_maryssasilva last day with us at work. This girl has been such an amazing friend and mentor to me. Her and @KABBDESK taught me everything I know about running an assignment desk. We are all going to miss you! https://t.co/LVeMf4dUMn
White House reacts to today’s case filings in Manafort, Cohen cases. https://t.co/fBHC1fUYhM
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) -- Man who drove car into counterprotesters at white nationalist rally in Virginia convicted of first-degree murder.
I really didn't get enough sleep for this.
Trump also signed a two-week spending bill to fund the government through Dec. 21, White House says.
Trump teases another personnel announcement at tomorrow’s Army-Navy game saying it will be related to “the Joint Chiefs of Staff and succession."
NEWS: Speaking to reporters on the South Lawn, President Trump announces William Barr will be nominated as Attorney General, Heather Nauert as UN Ambassador.
President Trump will tap State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert as Ambassador to the UN, two administration officials confirm.
RT @jgm41: The 41st President of the United States of America, George Herbert Walker Bush, has reached his final resting place @Bush41Libra…
Special Air Mission 41 is airborne en route to Houston, Texas. #Remembering41
The Presidents Club (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)	#Remembering41 https://t.co/lGyE4l6N96
President George H.W. Bush was briefed about his eventual state funeral in 2011 and asked "do you think anyone will come?" -- they did. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) #Remembering41 https://t.co/KSrJ4FULaa
41 and 43. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) #Remembering41 https://t.co/eNooibQTcT
President George W. Bush chokes up as he concludes his father’s eulogy: “The best father a son or daughter could ever have and in our grief let us know that dad is hugging Robin and holding mom’s hand again.” #Remembering41
Incredible photo of President George H.W. Bush passing by the White House one last time. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) #Remembering41 https://t.co/jpb5DUkT5F
RT @EenaRuffini: Americans and all the major news outlets are, for a rare moment, all on the same page: https://t.co/QcqdQAusDX
President Bush shook the hand of Presidents Trump, Obama, Clinton and Carter (plus spouses) before taking his seat. #Remembering41
Powerful moment as President George H.W. Bush passes by the White House one last time. #Remembering41
Flynn “provided firsthand information about the content and context of interactions between the transition team and Russian government officials,” per sentencing memo.
Flynn participated in 19 interviews with the Special Counsel's office and other justice department attorneys, sentencing memo says.
Mueller recommends no prison time for Flynn: “Given the defendant’s substantial assistance and other considerations set forth below, a sentence at the low end of the guideline range including a sentence that does not impose a term of incarceration is appropriate and warranted.”
Every reporter waiting for Michael Flynn’s sentencing memo https://t.co/I8r348NiwJ
Former Presidents Obama, Clinton and Carter will attend President George H.W. Bush’s memorial in Washington tomorrow. With President Trump and Bush 43 all living presidents will be in attendance. #Remembering41
Missed this earlier, but Prince Charles will attend President Bush’s memorial at the National Cathedral tomorrow.
Michael Avenatti will not run for president in 2020, he says in a statement. https://t.co/iUI2xGYuJy
Politico: Emails of top NRCC officials stolen in major 2018 hack		https://t.co/sh6DvwKdSW
RT @jgm41: Air Force One has arrived in Houston for what will technically be called "Special Air Mission 41" tomorrow and Wednesday. A beau…
President Trump has agreed that on January 1, 2019, he will leave the tariffs on $200 billion worth of product at the 10% rate, and not raise it to 25% at this time, White House says.
President George H.W. Bush funeral schedule:	Dec. 3- Dec. 5: Lie in State in the Capitol Rotunda	Dec. 5: Funeral at Washington National Cathedral	Dec. 5 and 6: Lie in Repose at St. Martin’s Episcopal Church in Houston	Dec. 6: Burial at his presidential library	#Remembering41
President George H.W. Bush will be laid to rest Dec. 6 on the grounds of the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum at Texas A&amp;M University alongside his wife, Barbara. #Remembering41
Mr. Bush suddenly grew alert, his eyes wide open. “Where are we going, Bake?” he asked.		“We’re going to heaven,” Mr. Baker answered.		“That’s where I want to go,” Mr. Bush said.		Great piece by @peterbakernyt	on 41's last days.		https://t.co/vgApg9r1dS
Air Force One will be sent to Houston to pick up the casket of President Bush on Monday, President Trump announces.
Congressional leadership has announced that President George H.W. Bush will lie in state in the Capitol Rotunda beginning on Monday. Visitors can pay their respects through Wednesday. #Remembering41
RT @jgm41: #Remembering41 https://t.co/RH24HBTouD
President and Mrs. Trump’s statement on the passing of Former President George H.W. Bush. https://t.co/DHUkFPaxZ7
President Obama reacts to the passing of President George H.W. Bush https://t.co/oVyVydqCOj
Bush 43’s statement on Bush 41’s passing https://t.co/0qxounJjTS
BREAKING NEWS: President George Herbert Walker Bush has died. He was 94. https://t.co/nm2crJwGLI
President Trump has approved an emergency declaration in Alaska after a 7.0 magnitude earthquake struck outside of Anchorage earlier today.
RT @MiamiHerald: BREAKING: Gov. RIck Scott has removed Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes from office. https://t.co/sOpXQ7N9vZ
BREAKING: Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has filed a lawsuit against the City of San Antonio over its’ sanctuary city status. Suit also names SAPD, Police Chief William McManus and City Manager Sheryl Sculley.
NASA spokesperson tells me the Johnson Space Center in Houston is "not expecting any administration official this weekend" following successful #MarsLanding.
Tomorrow, Vice President Pence will travel to Fort Lauderdale to deliver remarks at the Israeli-American Council National Conference and then travel to Houston, per VP's office.
POTUS ask Ronna Romney McDaniel to stay on as RNC chairwoman through 2020 election cycle. https://t.co/wDGxUWY6Za
Comey is also asking the court to issue a stay for Monday's closed-door session with House Judiciary Committee.
UPDATE: Former FBI Director James Comey is looking to "quash" a congressional subpoena. https://t.co/3EmInwTFT7
BREAKING: Former FBI Director James Comey has filed a lawsuit in federal court over House of Representatives' subpoena to testify in closed-door session.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott will serve as Vice Chairman of the Republican Governors Association, per a release.
City Manager Sheryl Sculley: “I have decided to retire from the City of San Antonio in 2019. I have committed to the Mayor and City Council to stay through the transition to the next city manager, but will leave no later than June 30, 2019”
JUST IN: Press Secretary Sarah Sanders will hold an on camera briefing tomorrow, White House says.
RT @NASA: Our @NASAInSight spacecraft stuck the #MarsLanding!		Its new home is Elysium Planitia, a still, flat region where it’s set to stu…
RT @NASAInSight: I feel you, #Mars – and soon I’ll know your heart. With this safe landing, I’m here. I’m home.	 	#MarsLanding https://t.co…
President and Mrs. Trump will return to Washington tomorrow, according to updated schedule from the White House. Trump will hold two rallies in Mississippi on Monday for Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith.
BREAKING NEWS: Houston Texans owner Bob McNair has died, the team confirms.
I saved $156 on stuff for my bathroom at Kohl’s...is this what being an adult feels like!? #BlackFridayShopping
NEW: Pentagon spokesman Col. Rob Manning says the cost of the border deployment through Dec 15 is approximately $72 million, but "total cost of the operation has yet to be determined and will depend on the total size, duration, and scope of the DoD support to DHS."
To recap:	- Marcia Fudge considers bid for speaker	- Nancy Pelosi names Fudge chairwoman of House Administration Subcommittee on Elections	- Fudge drops idea of running for speaker, backs Pelosi
Inbox: Pelosi Announces Intention to Restore House Administration Subcommittee on Elections, Name Congresswoman Marcia Fudge as Chairwoman
President Trump's lawyers say they have submitted his written responses to Special Counsel Robert Mueller; Mueller's office declines to comment.
NYT: Trump Wanted to Order Justice Dept. to Prosecute Comey and Clinton		https://t.co/EEU1H7SfBC
Sen. Graham: “I firmly believe there will be strong bipartisan support for serious sanctions against Saudi Arabia, including appropriate members of the royal family, for this barbaric act which defied all civilized norms."
Trump on whether Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman knew about/ordered the murder of Khashoggi: "Our intelligence agencies continue to assess all information, but it could very well be that the Crown Prince had knowledge of this tragic event – maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!"
Tom Steyer is unveiling a revamped website highlighting "The 5 Rights" 	1. The Right to an Equal Vote (Dec. 4 event in Charleston, SC)	2. The Right to Clean Air &amp; Clean Water (Dec. 13 event in Fresno, CA)	3. The Right to Learn	4. The Right to a Living Wage	5. The Right to Health
New Jersey Senator Cory Booker will headline a post-election victory celebration for the New Hampshire Democratic Party on Dec. 8, NHDP announces.
NEWS: Gina Ortiz Jones has officially conceded the race in #TX23 to Will Hurd. https://t.co/WGxOQkATlx
BACK ON THE TRAIL: President Trump will hold a rally in Mississippi, where Cindy Hyde-Smith is facing a runoff election, on Nov. 26.
RT @nahaltoosi: To all government officials until the end of time: I will NEVER, EVER accept an off-the-record “no comment.” It is NOT A TH…
Washington Post: The CIA has concluded that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ordered the assassination of journalist Jamal Khashoggi in Istanbul last month.		https://t.co/b5zlN3R83Q
BREAKING: Florida Secretary of State has ordered a manual recount in Senate race. Gubernatorial race outside the margin for manual recount.
President Trump will travel to California this Saturday to meet with individuals impacted by the wildfires, White House announces.
The Bell 206B helicopter that crashed after departing a wedding in Uvalde earlier this month crashed about 100 feet below the apex of a 1,450 ft hill, a NTSB preliminary report shows. The helicopter crashed at approx. 12:01 AM -- about 16 minutes after leaving the family ranch.
Capt. Mark S. Palyok, an instructor pilot, also with the 87th FTS was injured in the incident and was released from the Val Verde Regional Medical Center today.
BREAKING: The pilot who died yesterday after departing from Laughlin Air Force Base has been identified as Capt. John F. Graziano, 28, of Elkridge, Maryland. He was an instructor pilot with the 87th Flying Training Squadron at Laughlin AFB. https://t.co/MJTo8TsbNo
Avenatti has been booked for felony domestic violence; bail set at $50,000. https://t.co/xOmYDKLWVo
LAPD confirms Avenatti’s arrest for “suspicion of domestic violence.” https://t.co/hs2n92RtMr
The Los Angeles Police Department confirms that lawyer Michael Avenatti was arrested for a domestic related incident today; they tell me he has not been booked.
NEW: Deputy National Security Advisor Mira Ricardel will leave the White House and "transition to a new role within the Administration," @PressSec says in a statement.
After nearly two hours of questioning, Judge Timothy Kelly says he will rule tomorrow at 3 PM on CNN v. Trump case.
Judiciary Committee spokesperson tells me there is no plan to change the schedule for tomorrow’s executive meeting. Flake could block 18 judicial nominees.
Flake announces he “informed the Majority Leader that I will not vote to advance any of the 21 judicial nominees pending in the Judiciary Committee or vote to confirm the 32 judges awaiting a confirmation vote on the floor” until Mueller protection bill gets a vote.
NEWS: Mueller says that Rick Gates continues to cooperate with "several ongoing investigations" and is not ready to be sentenced; next status update is on Jan. 15. https://t.co/mFZEWd7XzD
Sen. McConnell objects to Flake's motion to advance the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act to the full Senate.
President Trump has formally nominated Neomi Rao to Justice Kavanaugh's vacated seat on the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit.
NEWS: Kevin McCarthy elected House minority leader.
Steve Scalise unanimously elected minority whip by voice vote.
So this happened this weekend! https://t.co/edsivjhAXd
Amazon makes it official -- New York City and Arlington, Virginia are the two locations for their new headquarters. https://t.co/FGjACR3iaa
BREAKING: CNN has filed suit against President Trump, John Kelly, Bill Shine, Sarah Huckabee Sanders and the Secret Service after the White House revoked Jim Acosta's credential last week.
NEW: President Trump will spend Thanksgiving at Mar-a-Lago in West Palm Beach, FAA VIP movement notice suggest. Notice says VIP will arrive on Nov. 20 and depart on Nov. 25.
Congresswoman Martha McSally has conceded to Senator-elect Kyrsten Sinema. Senator Jon Kyl has said he will only serve until Jan. 3 meaning Gov. Doug Ducey could appoint McSally to the seat. https://t.co/I47fBvvBxf
Sinema now leading by 38,197 votes with latest results posted. #AZSen https://t.co/EnKTXSY5JE
TMZ: STAN LEE DEAD AT 95		https://t.co/4gYMhx9h7e
RT @zhedrickTV: Congratulations!!!! @blaiseman @Mandi77 @heloteskeith @emerygirl @EvanHenson @AliciaNicole_tv @_maryssasilva @RSantosTV @SS…
RT @AliciaNicole_tv: We did it! @LoneStarEMMY @emerygirl @EvanHenson @Mandi77 @blaiseman @heloteskeith @_maryssasilva @SSanchez_TV @News4SA…
RT @LoneStarEMMY: Congratulations for  Newscast - Weekend - Medium Markets (26-60) to Sutherland Springs Church Massacre WOAI!
Y’all I was 22 when the @LoneStarEMMY started
Supreme Court: Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fell in her office last evening and fractured 3 ribs; admitted to hospital for observation and treatment.
The Ventura County Fire Department website says it is responding for a "Multi Casualty" incident at Borderline Bar &amp; Grill in Thousand Oaks, California.
BREAKING NEWS: Reports of an active shooter in Thousand Oaks, California.
CNN: "Jim Acosta has our full support." https://t.co/mmRgUVf94z
PELOSI officially launches bid for Speaker: “In that spirit, I am writing to respectfully request your support for Speaker, and do so with confidence and humility. Thank you for your consideration.”
RT @jeffmason1: I was seated next to ⁦@Acosta⁩ at today’s press conference and did not witness him “placing his hands” on the young intern,…
There is a tweet for every situation. https://t.co/OSL0PYxHaV
Simply put -- @PressSec claim that @Acosta put "his hands on a young woman" is absolutely false. https://t.co/iEPurBlrZV
RT @Acosta: The US Secret Service just asked for my credential to enter the WH. As I told the officer, I don’t blame him. I know he’s just…
White House says it is pulling @Acosta credential for "placing his hands on a young woman" as she tried to repeatedly pull microphone from his hand. https://t.co/xPJ5CEmFgR
RT @Acosta: I’ve just been denied entrance to the WH. Secret Service just informed me I cannot enter the WH grounds for my 8pm hit
RT @jeffmason1: White House @PressSec says it is suspending @Acosta WH credentials (called a “hard pass”) after today’s press conference.
Special Counsel’s Office declining to comment on Acting Attorney General Whitaker taking oversight of investigation.
SCHUMER: “Given his previous comments advocating defunding and imposing limitations on the Mueller investigation, Mr. Whitaker should recuse himself from its oversight for the duration of his time as acting attorney general.”
A long way from “holy hell” to pay for firing Sessions. https://t.co/wYQKQO6rmT
Just asked Justice top spokeswoman who will oversee Mueller investigation: “The Acting Attorney General is in charge of all matters under the purview of the Department of Justice.”
Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker on the Mueller investigation  &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/2933TDxH8d
"Dear Mr. President,		At your request, I am submitting my resignation." https://t.co/JbPgd0ZQju
Sessions out as AG https://t.co/snMk9oKgLi
Gina Ortiz Jones campaign: “This election is not over—every vote matters and must be counted... and we won’t stop working until every provisional ballot, absentee ballot, and military or overseas ballot has been counted.”
NEW: Democrat Jon Tester wins re-election to U.S. Senate from Montana.
I took a shower and Will Hurd is once again the projected winner in Texas’ 23rd congressional district. Secretary of State’s office says Medina County had originally entered incorrect numbers.
With all the precincts in for District 23 it looks like Gina Ortiz Jones could win by 282 votes. #ElectionDay #TX23
JUST IN: In San Antonio, Proposition A fails; B and C pass. #ElectionDay
Democrat Dianne Feinstein wins re-election to U.S. Senate from California. #ElectionDay
CNN: Democratic Rep. Jacky Rosen will defeat Republican Sen. Dean Heller in Nevada. #ElectionDay
Democrat Tony Evers elected Wisconsin governor, denying Republican Scott Walker a third term. #ElectionDay
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in the rest of Alaska -- all state polls are now CLOSED! #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
WH: President Trump called Sens. McConnell and Schumer, Speaker Ryan, presumptive Speaker Pelosi and Rick Scott, Mike DeWine, Kevin Cramer, Josh Hawley, Brian Kemp, and Ron DeSantis. #ElectionDay
Beto O'Rourke: “I’m so fucking proud of you guys." #ElectionDay #TXSen
Democratic Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom of California elected governor, defeating Republican John Cox. #ElectionDay
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in most of Alaska. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
RT @Drew_Hammill: President Trump called Leader Pelosi at 11:45 p.m. this evening to extend his congratulations on winning a Democratic Hou…
FLIP: Republican Josh Hawley beats out two-term Democrat Sen. Claire McCaskill in Missouri. #ElectionDay
Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell of Washington state wins re-election, defeating Republican Susan Hutchison. #ElectionDay
Democrat Laura Kelly elected Kansas governor, defeating Republican Kris Kobach and flipping party control of seat. #ElectionDay
Democrat Abby Finkenauer beats Iowa GOP Rep. Rod Blum, is among youngest women ever elected to U.S. House. #ElectionDay
Democrat Kendra Horn wins Oklahoma congressional seat in an upset against incumbent Republican Rep. Steve Russell. #ElectionDay
Democrat Andrew Gillum concedes Florida governor's race to Republican Ron DeSantis; AP has not called the race. #ElectionDay
Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan wins fourth term, defeating Republican John James. #ElectionDay
Republican Chip Roy wins election to U.S. House in Texas's 21st congressional district. #ElectionDay
Republican Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith and Democrat Mike Espy advance to Nov. 27 runoff in Mississippi Senate race. #ElectionDay
Democrat Mazie Hirono wins re-election to U.S. Senate from Hawaii.  #ElectionDay
Texas Tribune: Democrat Lizzie Pannill Fletcher has unseated Republican incumbent Rep. John Culberson in the Houston-area race for Texas Congressional District 7. #ElectionDay
Democrat Tina Smith wins re-election to U.S. Senate from Minnesota. #ElectionDay
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in the rest of Idaho, Oregon and North Dakota plus California, Hawaii and Washington. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
President Trump has no public events tomorrow, per White House. #ElectionDay
No remarks from President Trump tonight -- White House calls a full lid for the evening. #ElectionDay
Democrat Elaine Luria of Virginia elected to the US House, defeating Republican incumbent Scott Taylor. #ElectionDay
RT @PeterSchorschFL: .@AndrewGillum has conceded to Gov.-elect @RonDeSantisFL, multiple sources say. #FlaPol
AP: Republican Kevin Cramer wins election to U.S. Senate from North Dakota. #ElectionDay
Democrat Sean Casten defeats Rep. Peter Roskam to flip suburban Chicago district GOP has held for decades. #ElectionDay
AP: Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas defeats Democratic Rep. Beto O'Rourke. #ElectionDay
Based on projections and solid seats -- Republicans will hold majority in Senate. #ElectionDay
NBC News: Democrats have won control of the House of Representatives. #ElectionDay
First-time Democratic candidate Jason Crow defeats 5-term Republican U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman in suburban Denver district. #ElectionDay
NBC News: Colin Allred projected winner in Texas-32; flips district. #ElectionDay #TX32
Republican Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska elected to a second term, defeating Democrat Jane Raybould. #ElectionDay
CBS calls #TXSen for Ted Cruz. #ElectionDay
NBC now calling #TXSen for Ted Cruz. #ElectionDay
ABC CALLS #TXSen FOR TED CRUZ. #ElectionDay #TXSen
Democrat Max Rose defeats U.S. Rep. Dan Donovan, ousting New York City's only Republican congressman. #ElectionDay
FOX: Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer projected to defeat Democrat Sen. Heidi Heitkamp in North Dakota. #ElectionDay
Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney elected to Senate in Utah, defeating Democrat Jenny Wilson. #ElectionDay
Freshman Democratic Rep. Conor Lamb ousts 3-term GOP Rep. Keith Rothfus in race between incumbents near Pittsburgh. #ElectionDay
HAPPENING NOW: Pools are now closed in the southern half of Idaho, most of North Dakota and parts of Oregon plus Iowa, Montana, Nevada and Utah. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich of New Mexico wins re-election, defeating Republican Mick Rich. #ElectionDay
Democrat Debbie Mucarsel-Powell ousts Republican Rep. Carlos Curbelo from US House seat in Florida race. #ElectionDay
Democrat Tammy Baldwin wins re-election to U.S. Senate from Wisconsin. #ElectionDay
Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia wins a second full term, defeating Republican Patrick Morrisey. #ElectionDay
Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota wins third term, defeating Republican Jim Newberger. #ElectionDay
FOX News is now projecting the Democrats will control the House. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
BIG: -- Republican Mike Braun wins Indiana Senate seat, defeating Democratic incumbent Joe Donnelly. #ElectionDay
Democrat Lloyd Doggett will win re-election in Texas' 35th congressional district. #ElectionDay #TX35
AP: Florida voters approve constitutional amendment restoring voting rights to most felons. #ElectionDay
NBC News calling #TNSen for Marsha Blackburn. #ElectionDay
Republican Roger Wicker wins re-election to U.S. Senate from Mississippi. #ElectionDay
GOP Gov. Greg Abbott of Texas will win re-election per AP. #ElectionDay #TXGov
AP: Democrat Bob Casey wins re-election to U.S. Senate from Pennsylvania. #ElectionDay
Breaking: Republican John Barrasso of Wyoming and Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand of New York re-elected to the Senate. #ElectionDay
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in the rest of Kansas, Michigan, South Dakota and Texas plus Arizona, Colorado, Louisiana, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York, Wisconsin and Wyoming. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
AP: Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez of New Jersey re-elected to third term, defeating Republican Bob Hugin. #ElectionDay
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in Arkansas. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
Democrat Sherrod Brown re-elected to Senate in Ohio, defeating Republican Jim Renacci. #ElectionDay
In Bexar County Rep. Beto O'Rourke is leading Sen. Ted Cruz 59-41. #ElectionDay
PROJECTION: In an uncontested race, Rep. Al Green (D) has won re-election in Texas's 9th congressional district. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018 #TX09
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are also closing in the rest of Florida, most of Kansas, Michigan and Texas plus the eastern half of South Dakota. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
PROJECTION: In an uncontested race, Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson (D) has won re-election in Texas's 30th congressional district. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018 #TX30
HAPPENING NOW: Polls in most of Texas are now closed. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
PROJECTION: In an uncontested race, Rep. Henry Cuellar (D) has won re-election in Texas' 28th congressional district. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018 #TX28
PROJECTION: In an uncontested race, Rep. Joaquin Castro (D) has won re-election in Texas's 20th congressional district. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018 #TX20
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, Oklahoma. Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Tennessee. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
BREAKING: Democrat Tim Kaine of Virginia re-elected to the Senate, defeating Republican Corey Stewart. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in Ohio, North Carolina and West Virginia. #ElectionDay	#Midterms2018
BREAKING:  Independent Bernie Sanders of Vermont re-elected to Senate. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in the rest of Indiana and  Kentucky, most of Florida and all of Georgia, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Vermont and Virginia. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
FIRST CALL OF THE NIGHT #ElectionDay https://t.co/Dc8GbRYn3B
RT @TexasTribune: BREAKING: A state district judge has ordered Harris County to extend voting hours at nine polling locations that failed t…
HAPPENING NOW: Polls are now closed in the eastern half of Kentucky and most of Indiana. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
(•_•)	&lt;)   )╯polls	 /    \ 		  (•_•)	 \(   (&gt; are	  /    \		 (•_•)	&lt;)   )╯closing		#ElectionDay #Midterms2018
Welcome to the beginning of the 2020 presidential election. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
Houston-born Beyoncé has endorsed @BetoORourke #TXSen #ElectionDay #Midterms2018 https://t.co/NUyZQo6I7T
AP: Health care and immigration were high on voters' minds as they cast ballots. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
Trip to the mall ✔️	Lunch ✔️	Nap ✔️	#ElectionDay #Midterm2018
It's 3:05 AM in Arizona and @VaughnHillyard is already live on MSNBC.
Gallup: 81% of Democrats say they are very/somewhat worried about what will happen if GOP maintain control of one or both houses of Congress; 66% of Republicans say they are very/somewhat worried about what will happen if Dems win one or both houses. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
White House: President Trump will spend today making phone calls &amp; monitoring congressional, Senate and gubernatorial races. Tonight, President and Mrs. Trump will watch returns with family and friends in the residence. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
President Trump will be in Washington all day tomorrow with zero public event, per White House schedule released tonight. #ElectionDay #Midterms2018
FOX had Trump in a box next to John Roberts -- they pivoted to the rally after the live shot. https://t.co/lYcT0Btk20
As President Trump takes the stage in Cleveland -- neither CNN, MSNBC or FOX are carrying the rally live.
Trump also told pool he will announce next UN Ambassador by the end of the week.
President Trump says he will probably not meet with Putin in Paris, but will meet with him at G20 in Argentina.
Lt. Col. Mike Andrews, a defense department spokesman, tells me as of yesterday 4,800 troops have been deployed to the U.S.-Mexico border. There are approximately 2,600 in Texas, 1,100 in California and 1,100 in Arizona.
President Trump is motorcading to Joint Base Andrews en route to final rallies in Cleveland, Fort Wayne and Cape Girardeau.
FWIW Fox has also pulled the ad https://t.co/dPVRRxuply
@GarrettHaake As someone who works and lives in Texas, the answer is forever.
thank you, next
As President Trump is rallying voters in Pensacola, Florida, his campaign announces a telephone town hall meeting on Monday at 10:00 am EST.
414,192 people voted early in-person and by mail in Bexar County, according to numbers released today. That's 37.71% of registered voters in the county.
NEW: 4,884,528 Texans voted ahead of #ElectionDay in the 30 counties where most registered voters in the state live.
JUST IN: 380,379 people voted early in-person in Bexar County, according to numbers just published. As of yesterday, 32,702 additional early votes had been mailed in.
NEWS: The U.S. Government has filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit brought by the Holcombe family, who lost nine family members in the Sutherland Springs church shooting.
"....including powerful sanctions on Iran’s energy, shipping, and shipbuilding sectors, and sanctions targeting transactions with the Central Bank of Iran and sanctioned Iranian banks."
Trump "On Monday, November 5, the termination of United States participation in the Iran nuclear deal will be complete.  The last set of sanctions lifted under the terrible nuclear deal will come back into force...."
Heather Nauert is under serious consideration for UN Ambassador post, Trump says.
Trump says “illegal” carvans will not be let into the United States; tells them to turn back.
Reports: State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauer has been offered the job of Ambassador to the United Nations.
NEW: Joint statement from White House and House Ways and Means Committee Republicans says the committee will take “swift action” on taxes at “the start of the 116th Congress.”
Along the motorcade route from airport to the synagogue some bystanders gave “the thumbs down, or a middle finger up.” One sign said	“We didn’t invite you here,” and another said “Trump ♥️ Nazis,” per pool report.
President and Mrs. Trump are now at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh where they will light a candle for each of the 11 victims.
Grassley: “There is a debate among legal scholars about whether that right extends to the children of illegal immigrants. I will closely review President Trump’s executive order....this is an issue that Congress should take the lead to carefully consider and debate.” https://t.co/jXrYUpytkg
Also unclear what President Trump will do while in Pittsburgh. Official White House schedule doesn’t even say what time he will leave the city. https://t.co/RPLqLB4W3W
POTUS went straight from Air Force One to the Beast -- no local officials or members of the Pennsylvania congressional delegation greeted him on the tarmac.
BREAKING: Texas Capitol evacuated due to suspicious package, lawmaker says		https://t.co/qtwOiZlW4Y
Julián Castro is heading to South Carolina on Nov. 1 and 2.
FBI tells me it is not commenting on the referral made by the Special Counsel’s Office.
“When we learned last week of allegations that women were offered money to make false claims about the Special Counsel, we immediately referred the matter to the FBI for investigation,” spokesman Peter Carr says.
President Trump's final rally schedule: 	Oct. 31: Fort Myers, FL	Nov. 1: Columbia, MO	Nov. 2: Huntington, WV	and Indianapolis, IN w/ VP Pence 	Nov. 3: Belgrade, MT and Pensacola, FL	Nov. 4: Macon, GA and Chattanooga, TN	Nov. 5: Cleveland, OH, Fort Wayne, IN and Cape Girardeau, MO
Trump says he will visit Pittsburgh.
"He was no supporter of mine," President Trump tells reporters.
NEW: "The Department of Justice will file hate crimes and other criminal charges against the defendant, including charges that could lead to the death penalty," AG Sessions says.
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf says Pittsburgh Synagogue shooting will be investigated as a hate crime by the FBI.
“The President was briefed during the flight and is receiving regular updates on the horrific tragedy in Pennsylvania by Mike Burnett, Senior Director for Counterterrorism," @PressSec says.
NEW from NBC News: “Megyn Kelly Today is not returning. Next week, the 9 a.m. hour will be hosted by other TODAY co-anchors.”
NEW: 33,211 people voted early in Bexar County today brining the three-day total to 102,541.
SCOOP: Anna Eleanor Roosevelt, the granddaughter of President Franklin Roosevelt, will endorse Gina Ortiz Jones tomorrow, two sources with knowledge confirm.
NYT: When President Trump calls old friends on one of his iPhones to gossip, gripe or solicit their latest take on how he is doing, American intelligence reports indicate that Chinese spies are often listening		https://t.co/uvZo30ilnV
Cruz is riding to Toyota Center with Trump in The Beast, per pool report.
USA Today interviewed President Trump onboard AF1 en route to Houston, per pool report.
TUESDAY: O’Rourke campaign announces Beto will meet with voters at eight polling locations in San Antonio ahead of rally at Cowboys Dancehall. https://t.co/B57NIxgyve
O’Rourke campaign announces San Antonio Rally with Intocable and Joaquin Castro Tuesday evening.
White House says Trump spoke with French President Emmanuel Macron tonight to discuss Trump's upcoming trip to France, Syria, the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty and "the circumstances surrounding the tragic death of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.”
INBOX: TRUMP CAMPAIGN HOSTS BIG TEXAS TAILGATER OCTOBER 22
Both the Senate and House are out of session until AFTER the election. https://t.co/LBVrcNMng8
Alaska Gov. Bill Walker announced he is dropping his bid for re-election; endorses Democrat Mark Begich. Walker is the only Independent governor in the nation. 		https://t.co/EwOZocwvIH
“Secretary Pompeo has neither heard a tape nor has he seen a transcript related to Jamal Khashoggi’s disappearance,” State spox Heather Nauert says.
Beto O'Rourke says he is a "definitive no" on ever running for president.
Should obviously be campaign *manager*
@fredcantu Rally was originally set for NRG ARENA, which only hold about 10,000.
NEW: Trump's rally in Houston has been moved to the Toyota Center due to "HUGE and unprecedented" response for tickets, campaign manger Brad Parscale says.
CBS News: "Tax returns filed by every president are automatically audited by the Internal Revenue Service, but an audit does not prevent a commander-in-chief or private citizen from voluntarily releasing those returns."		https://t.co/MvYPM9CSbI
Emmet Flood will serve as interim White House Counsel until Pat Cipollone comes on board, White House says.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin says he will not attend investment conference in Saudi Arabia following disappearance of Jamal Khashoggi.
Two White House officials confirm NYT report that today was Don McGahn's last day as White House Counsel.
USSS spoxs: USSS “aware of the video posted on Twitter today by @errolbarnett. The circumstances surrounding the incident are under review. Pending receipt of additional facts, details and full circumstances surrounding the incident, appropriate action will be taken if necessary” https://t.co/t3hZIC8hdD
RT @jpaceDC: WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump tells AP that Saudi Arabia being blamed for missing journalist is another case of 'guilty until proven…
President Trump has nominated PayPal cofounder Kenneth Howery to be ambassador to Sweden, White House says.
Bernie Sanders, eyeing 2020 run, is starting a nine-state swing to help boost candidates.		Oct. 19: Indiana &amp; Michigan	Oct. 20: South Carolina &amp; Iowa	Oct. 21: Iowa	Oct. 22: Wisconsin	Oct. 23: Arizona	Oct. 24: Colorado	Oct. 25: Nevada	Oct. 26: California	Oct. 27: California
President Trump has no public events scheduled tomorrow, White House says.
JUST IN: President Trump will host a MAGA Rally at NRG Arena in Houston on Oct. 22.
Senator Elizabeth Warren has released a DNA test to the @BostonGlobe that provides “strong evidence’’ she had a Native American in her family tree dating back 6 to 10 generations.		https://t.co/l3jvzMndEc
JUST IN: The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expecting a baby in the spring of 2019, Kensington Palace says.
President and Melania Trump will travel to Florida tomorrow to survey damage done by #HurricaneMichael. FAA VIP movement notice suggest the Trumps will also visit Georgia.
RT @ryanstruyk: The first @CNN numbers for 2020 Democratic presidential nomination just released this morning:		Biden 33%	Sanders 13%	Harri…
NEW: Trump campaign announces western swing of MAGA Rallies:	 	- Thursday, October 18 in Missoula, Montana 	- Friday, October 19 in Mesa, Arizona	- Saturday, October 20 in Elko, Nevada
Beto O'Rourke raised $38.1 million in the third quarter, his campaign announced this morning.
The NRCC has canceled TV spending in San Antonio, an official confirms. Reservation was for Will Hurd in #TX23. 		"This is a sign of strength. Dems also pulled their money before we did. They bailed on (Gina Ortiz Jones) earlier this week," source says.
JUST IN: President Trump will visit areas affected by #HurricaneMichael early next week, WH says.
Khalid just gave a shoutout to El Paso and @BetoORourke during his acceptance speech at the #AMAs.
The White House just announced Secretary Pompeo will speak outside the West Wing in 15 minutes.
Beto O’Rourke will participate in a CNN town hall on Oct. 18 from the McAllen Performing Arts Center, the network says. Ted Cruz declined an invitation to participate.
President Trump will participate in a ceremonial swearing in ceremony for Justice Kavanaugh tomorrow evening in the East Room of the White House.
NEWS: Brett Kavanaugh has been sworn in as the 102nd Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Justices Clarence Thomas, Ruth Bader Ginsberg, Samuel Alito and Elena Kagan attended the private ceremony. (Photos: Fred Schilling, Collection of the Supreme Court of the United States) https://t.co/84m01B6qkf
POTUS not happy with coverage of Kavanaugh protesters --&gt; https://t.co/hFPHZjVZie
White House: "Following the Senate confirmation vote, the President called Judge Kavanaugh to congratulate him. The President also spoke to the Vice President, Sen. McConnell, and Speaker Ryan. The President signed Judge Kavanaugh’s commission on Air Force One.”
Kavanaugh's motorcade has arrived at the Supreme Court ahead of his swearing in.
Senator Daines votes "aye" from his daughter's wedding in Montana. https://t.co/CohCVYSHAT
Brett Kavanaugh will be sworn in today by Chief Justice John Roberts (Constitutional Oath) and retired Associate Justice Anthony  Kennedy (Judicial Oath) in a private ceremony in the Justices' Conference Room at the Supreme Court.
BREAKING: Brett Kavanaugh confirmed 50-48 as the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
Trump will also hold MAGA rally in in Lebanon, Ohio next Friday, campaign announces.
President Trump's campaign announces a MAGA rally in Richmond, Kentucky next Saturday.
@quixem ┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻|	┻┳|	┳┻| _	┻┳| •.•)  Yes - you didn't answer	┳┻|⊂ﾉ   the question 	┻┳|
@quixem WAS IT GOOD!?
After Collins announces support, Manchin says he will also vote YES.
BREAKING: Senator Susan Collins (R-Maine) says she will vote YES on Kavanaugh, effectively securing the nomination.
Collins: "The #MeToo movement is real, it matters, it is needed, and it is long overdue."
Collins: "Our Supreme Court confirmation process has been in steady decline for more than 30 years. One can only hope that the Kavanaugh nomination is where the process has finally hit rock bottom."
RIGHT NOW: Senator Collins will announce how she will vote on Kavanaugh's nomination in floor speech, her office says.
INBOX: Television personality Michael “The Situation” Sorrentino was sentenced to eight months in prison, and his brother, Marc Sorrentino, was sentenced to 24 months in prison for violating federal tax laws.
Sen. Daines’ says Rep. Greg Gianforte has offered his plane to get him back to DC for Kavanaugh vote, if needed. https://t.co/FFsl3QJ7fe
Kavanaugh's nomination is at 49-49 right now, per my unofficial count. All eyes now on Susan Collins and Joe Manchin.
Murkowski tells reporters she decided to vote no while walking to chamber; says Kavanaugh is "not the right man for the court at this time.”
NEWS: Senator Flake says he remains a YES on Kavanaugh nomination.
POTUS reacts &gt;&gt; https://t.co/BOJOVJqgNr
BREAKING: Senate votes to advance Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to a final vote. Collins, Manchin and Murkowski still undecided on final vote.
Joe Manchin votes YES on cloture.
Lisa Murkowski votes NO on cloture for Kavanaugh.
Senator Collins says she will vote yes on cloture and will announce her final decision later this afternoon.
Kavanaugh in WSJ op-ed: I was very emotional last Thursday, more so than I have ever been. I might have been too emotional at times. I know that my tone was sharp, and I said a few things I should not have said.		https://t.co/kRm272tSu0
Retired Justice John Paul Stevens weighs in on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. https://t.co/szBgkoclPM
JUST IN: @HeidiHeitkamp is a NO on Kavanaugh.
Per 2009 memorandum of understanding, the report will be made available to any senator who request to read/be briefed on it. The sole copy of the report will be locked in a safe and must be logged when it is taken out. https://t.co/1nwFgRpvea
"Senator Murkowski is waiting to see the FBI report," before deciding how she will vote on Kavanaugh nomination, a spokesperson says.
McConnell is filing cloture on the Kavanaugh nomination. This sets up Friday cloture vote and a confirmation vote on Saturday.
McConnell heading to the floor now. https://t.co/opWKWpzDE8
FOX News Polls:		Kyrsten Sinema - 47	Martha McSally - 45		Joe Donnelly - 43	Mike Braun - 41		Claire McCaskill - 43	Josh Hawley - 43		Heidi Heitkamp - 41	Kevin Cramer - 53		Phil Bredesen - 43	Marsha Blackburn - 48
JUST IN: White House to hold press briefing at 1 PM — the first since Sept. 10.
Sarah Sanders: “Fred Trump has been gone for nearly twenty years and it’s sad to witness this misleading attack against the Trump family by the failing New York Times. Many decades ago the IRS reviewed and signed off on these transactions." Calls for an apology. https://t.co/9J9DlkbPRh
Melania Trump is en route to Accra, Ghana as she embarks on her first solo trip. She is expected to visit Ghana, Malawi, Kenya and Egypt.
Sen. Scott: "An FBI investigation is an important step, and should be completed. Barring the discovery of any new information by the FBI investigation, I plan to vote for Brett Kavanaugh."
The Republican National Convention will be held Aug. 24-27, 2020 in Charlotte, North Carolina.
JUST IN: President Obama announces endorsement of Lizzie Fletcher (TX-07), Veronica Escobar (TX-16), Gina Ortiz Jones (TX-23) and Sylvia Garcia (TX-29).
Full text of the the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement 		https://t.co/MMsWdDZyf1
Trump, Peña Nieto and Trudeau are expected to sign the agreement at the end of November, administration official says.
“Today, Canada and the United States reached an agreement, alongside Mexico, on a new, modernized trade agreement for the 21st Century: the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA).” https://t.co/PEbgz0pU7H
The new deal will be called the United States, Mexico, Canada Agreement (USMCA), per administration official.
The United States, Mexico and Canada have agreed on a deal to replace NAFTA, administration official confirms.
MONDAY: Trump has lunch with Pence, presents Congressional Medal of Honor and travels to Johnson City, TN for roundtable  with supporters and campaign rally.
Beto O'Rourke will give an "important campaign update" tonight at 6 PM on Facebook Live, per campaign.
RT @PressSec: Statement from President @realDonaldTrump:	“I’ve ordered the FBI to conduct a supplemental investigation to update Judge Kava…
NEWS: "The Senate Judiciary Committee will request that the administration instruct the FBI to conduct a supplemental FBI background investigation with respect to the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to be an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court."
NEWS: Senator John Cornyn confirms there will be a supplemental FBI investigation.
INBOX: MANCHIN SUPPORTS FLAKE’S CALL FOR AN FBI INVESTIGATION
Flake's one-week delay proposal now has enforcement: Lisa Murkowski says she supports it.
Coons says Collins and Murkowski were not *physically* present in the ante room while deal was being reached.
Grassley to Feinstein on an open mic: This is a "gentlemen and women's agreement."
From my understanding, Flake voted to move the nomination out of the committee, but would vote no on the floor if a one-week delay for a FBI investigation does not happen.
The Judiciary Committee has advanced Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination 11-10.
FLAKE calls for one-week delay for FBI to investigate.
Grassley says there is a motion before the committee.
Kavanaugh's nomination is at 49-47 right now, per my unofficial count. Heitkamp (D-ND), Manchin (D-WV), Collins (R-ME) and Murkowski (R-AK) have yet to announce how they will vote.
Senator Tester citing PATRIOT Act, money in politics, healthcare concerns and Ford: "Unfortunately, Judge Kavanaugh couldn’t find time to discuss these concerns with me in person, so the only information I have is from what he said in his hearings.  I’ll be voting against him.”
BREAKING: Joe Donnelly (D-Indiana) is a NO on Kavanaugh.
JUST IN: Sunday night debate in Houston between Ted Cruz and Beto O’Rourke has been postponed due to Kavanaugh votes over the weekend.
Senator Doug Jones (D-Alabama) is officially a NO on Kavanaugh.
Corker is officially a YES on Kavanaugh: “I believe Judge Kavanaugh has conducted himself as well as anyone could expect throughout this process and plan to vote to confirm him.”
NOTE: John Kerry was given multiple oppeetunites to say he will not run for president in 2020. He did not. #TribFest18
I’ve got too much work to do — I’m trying to negotiate a ceasefire between Jeff Sessions and President Trump, Kerry jokes about running in 2020. #TribFest18
Kerry on 2020: “No one should be talking about 2020. Everyone should be focused on 2018.” #TribFest18
Kerry also says he had a phone call with current Secretary of State Mike Pompeo following meetings with Iranian officials. #TribFest18
Kerry on Iran controversy: ”No one has to tell” Iran to wait for the end of the Trump Administration. #TribFest18
“John and I had secret talks about it,” John Kerry says about John McCain being his running mate in 2004. #TribFest18
Judicial Crisis Network’s Carrie Severino: “The circumstances Dr. Ford has described sound awful. And anyone who sympathizes with her should be outraged that the Democrats have politicized this process to the irreparable detriment of both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh.”
Graham: “To my Republican colleagues, If you vote no, you’re legitimizing the most despicable thing I’ve seen in my time in politics."
President Trump and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will not meet today, White House says. They will meet next week so they do not “interfere” with hearing.
House Committee on	Intelligence will meet Friday morning to vote on releasing over 50 interviews.
Sept. 17 Committee Call: When asked if he knew Dr. Ford, Kavanaugh said "We did not travel in the same circles in high school. I recognize the name."
Details for tomorrow's hearing:	- Grassley &amp; Feinstein have no time limit for opening statement 	- Ford has no time limit for her opening statement 	- Each senators gets 5 minutes to question Ford (can yield time to another senator or staff counsel.)	- Repeat for Kavanaugh
Trump predicts red-state Democrats will vote to confirm Kavanaugh.
INBOX: Judge Kavanaugh has provided the Judiciary Committee with copies of calendar pages from the summer of 1982. https://t.co/sITRIrYmBM
Feinstein on Committee vote announcement: “For Republicans to schedule a Friday vote on Brett Kavanaugh today, two days before Dr. Blasey Ford has had a chance to tell her story, is outrageous...It’s clear to me that Republicans don’t want this to be a fair process.”
Historic Note: Clarence Thomas' nomination was sent to the full Senate without a recommendation. Committee deadlocked at 7-7 then voted 13-1 to advance his nomination to the full Senate.
Note: Committee rules require a three day advance notice on any executive business (i.e. votes) -- so Kavanaugh vote can still be pushed back if Republicans don't have the votes.
UPDATE: "We are still planning to be [at the debate on Sunday], assuming that Senate votes will allow us to," Cruz campaign spox says.
The Senate Judiciary Committee has scheduled a committee vote on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination for Friday at 9:30 am. The committee will hear from Kavanaugh and Ford on Thursday.
NEWS: @tedcruz campaign will not comment on the record about whether or not he will still attend Sunday's debate in Houston with @BetoORourke due to possible Kavanaugh vote this weekend.
Senator Richard Burr (R-North Carolina): "Immediately following the conclusion of Thursday’s hearing, the Senate Judiciary Committee should vote up or down on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. I intend to support Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination when it comes before the full Senate.”
McConnell  “I want to make it perfectly clear -- Judge Kavanaugh will be voted on here on the Senate floor.”
Kavanaugh: “I will not be intimidated into withdrawing from this process. The coordinated effort to destroy my good name will not drive me out. The vile threats of violence against my family will not drive me out. The last- minute character assassination will not succeed.”
JUST IN: President Trump and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will meet at the White House on Thursday.
“I also ask that the newest allegations of sexual misconduct be referred to the FBI for investigation, and that you join our request for the White House to direct the FBI to investigate the allegations of Christine Blasey Ford as well as these new claims.”
Feinstein: “I am writing to request an immediate postponement of any further proceedings related to the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh."
Secretary Mike Pompeo will hold a joint press availability with UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and National Security Council Advisor John Bolton Monday morning.
MONDAY AT THE UN: Trump participates in the global call to action re: drug problem, meets w/ South Korean President Moon Jae-in, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and French President Emmanuel Macron &amp; holds signing ceremony for the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement,
White House spokesperson Kerri Kupec: “This 35-year-old, uncorroborated claim is the latest in a coordinated smear campaign by the Democrats designed to tear down a good man....The White House stands firmly behind Judge Kavanaugh."
Kavanaugh: “This alleged event from 35 years ago did not happen. The people who knew me then know that this did not happen, and have said so. This is a smear, plain and simple."
A third woman? Avenatti says his client is not Deborah Ramirez, the subject of The New Yorker story. https://t.co/OlO8zMRwaF
"Ramirez said that she felt confident enough of her recollections to say that she remembers Kavanaugh had exposed himself at a drunken dormitory party, thrust his penis in her face, and caused her to touch it without her consent as she pushed him away."		https://t.co/dDNnSUmwq4
RT @RonanFarrow: A new allegation against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh surfaces, this time from his years at Yale. The latest from…
Avenatti says he is representing a woman with credible information regarding Judge Kavanaugh and Mark Judge...calls for nomination to be withdrawn. https://t.co/nB9TKAwHjY
President Trump will hold a MAGA rally in Wheeling, West Virginia next Saturday.
NEW on Drudge: "NEW YORKER to publish account of a new woman and a 'dildo'.....She is 'Never Trump', says a source. But best friend will say 'She never told me!'... Developing..." https://t.co/NSYh673Qlw
Drudge: "Insiders claim Ronan Farrow and Jane Mayer are set to report a new twist in Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation... Developing... " https://t.co/xIa9WdnTrN
NYT: Kavanaugh to Give Senate Calendars From 1982 to Back Up Denial		https://t.co/Bx40HgR3rD
NEWS: "Dr. Ford  accepts the Committee's request to provide her first-hand knowledge of Brett Kavanaugh's sexual misconduct next week."
BREAKING: Chuck Grassley says he will extend deadline for Dr. Ford's lawyers to respond until 10 PM tonight. If they do not respond, a vote will take place on Monday.
POTUS says DOJ Inspector General will review documents he ordered declassified due to a potential “perceived negative impact on the Russia probe.” https://t.co/hBq44dVs4f
The Cook Political Report has moved the Senate race in Texas from "Lean R" to "Toss Up."
INBOX: 6 women will hold a #IStandWithBrett press conference tomorrow in Washington.
Trump will hold bilateral meetings with the Presidents of South Korea, Egypt and France. Also meets with Prime Minister of Israel, Japan and United Kingdom.
President Trump will address the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 25, White House says.
NEW: Sentencing for former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn is set for Dec. 18.
JUST IN: Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) is officiakt a NO on Brett Kavanaugh.
DOJ declining to comment on Trump’s “I don't have an attorney general” comment.
INBOX: Beto O'Rourke will participate in Rio Grande Valley Town Hall hosted by CNN on Oct. 18.
NEW: "Our letter was not coordinated with anyone at the White House or the Senate Judiciary Committee," Meghan McCaleb says in a statement. McCaleb was one of the 65 women who signed the letter supporting Kavanaugh.
Sens. Blumenthal (D-CT), Jones (D-AL), and Leahy (D-VT) wrote to White House Counsel Don McGahn asking when WH learned about Dr. Ford’s allegations and process of drafting, obtaining signatures and releasing letter signed by 65 women who knew Kavanaugh.
Mark Judge in letter to Judiciary Committee: "In fact, I have no memory of this alleged incident....I have no more information to offer the Committee and I do not wish to speak publicly..."
President Trump says he feels terribly for Kavanaugh, his wife and daughters.
Trump: "There shouldn't even be a little doubt. There shouldn't be a doubt."
Trump: "I feel so badly that he's going through this..this is not a man who deserves this..this should have been brought up long ago."
McConnell also said Dr. Ford could appear in private or in public on Monday.
McConnell: "I'm not concerned about tanking the nomination"
St. Martin's Press will publish "The Threat: How the FBI Protects America in the Age of Terror and Trump" by Andrew McCabe on Dec. 4.
New Quinnipiac University Poll has Ted Cruz up 54-45% over Beto O'Rourke in #TXSen.
Senator Schumer: "We need the FBI to step forward and ensure that the Senate and American public have complete information about this troubling alleged incident before a hearing is held."
"...The Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the President's order.”
DOJ spox: “When the President issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House Counsel...."
FBI declines to comment on President Trump's directive to declassify documents and publicly release text messages of James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and Bruce Ohr.
Thursday's committee vote on Judge Kavanaugh has been postponed. There will be hearings for both Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford on Monday, a source confirms.
NEW White House Statement: “Judge Kavanaugh looks forward to a hearing where he can clear his name of this false allegation. He stands ready to testify tomorrow if the Senate is ready to hear him.”
President Trump has also ordered the FBI and DOJ to release all text messages relating to the Russia investigation, without redaction, of James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and Bruce Ohr.
President Trump has ordered the release of pages of the June 2017 FISA application re: Carter Page, FBI reports of interviews with Bruce Ohr re: Russia investigation and FBI reports of interviews re: Carter Page FISA applications. https://t.co/YiKWPfLInC
Senator Collins: "Obviously if Judge Kavanaugh has lied about what happened, that would be disqualifying."
Dems on Judiciary Committee: “In view of the enormity and seriousness of these allegations, a staff-only phone call behind closed doors is unacceptable and Democratic staff will not participate.
Kavanaugh supporters now sending out statements from high school and college girlfriend. https://t.co/F6xbmsX4Nh
RT @WaPoSean: NEWS: Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) tells me in an intv he that doesn’t think the Judiciary Cmte should move ahead with its Thurs…
@AdamKing_News @Mandi77 I think Adam and I just volunteered to cover these!
Ted Cruz and Beto O'Rourke will hold three debate ahead of Election Day. Debates will take place in Dallas (Sept. 21), Houston (Sept. 30) and San Antonio (Oct. 16).
JUST IN: Gov. Greg Abbott has issued a state disaster declaration for 78 counties ahead of potential severe weather and flooding.
Grassley Spox: "Senator Grassley is aware of Senator Feinstein’s referral. At this time, he has not seen the letter in question, and is respecting the request for confidentiality. There’s no plan to change the committee’s consideration of Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination."
Feinstein: “I have received information...concerning the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. That individual strongly requested confidentiality...and I have honored that decision. I have, however, referred the matter to federal investigative authorities.”
White House: “This morning the President spoke with Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina and Mayor Bill Saffo of Wilmington, NC. The President offered his support and reiterated the federal government’s willingness to help with whatever is needed.”
I was just 5 years old in 2001. Because of our proximity to Lackland AFB, my school was in a lockdown. I remember sitting in my classroom thinking it was so cool that we got to sit under our desk in the dark. It wasn’t until years later that I realize the magnitude of that day.
JUST IN: The Senate Judiciary Committee has scheduled a Sept. 13 vote on Judge Kavanaugh's nomination. Democrats can delay the vote for one week.
JUST IN: Dallas officer Amber Guyger has been arrested in Kaufman County and charged with manslaughter in the death of Botham Shem Jean. https://t.co/REE7xotzhn
@RonanFarrow now reporting that Les Moonves will no longer receive an exit package.
REPORTS: Les Moonves is out at CBS.
RT @Dictionarycom: Class is defined as informal. elegance, grace, or dignity. 		See also: Serena Williams after Naomi Osaka's Grand Slam wi…
Serena Williams is pure class. #USOpen
"I don't cheat to win. I'd rather lose." — Serena Williams
JUST IN: George Papadopoulos has been sentenced to 14 days in prison, 1 year supervised release and will pay a $9,500 fine for lying to the FBI.
Rudy Giuliani tells the AP that President Trump will not answer questions, in person or in writing, about obstruction of justice.		https://t.co/MoM9j4pVYS
President Trump will travel to in Cape Girardeau, Missouri next Thursday for a MAGA rally, campaign say.
FLOTUS: “If a person is bold enough to accuse people of negative actions, they have a responsibility to publicly stand by their words and people have the right to be able to defend themselves.” https://t.co/E81httes3n
Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court. https://t.co/32G8qPVgGL
"The individual behind this piece has chosen to deceive, rather than support, the duly elected President of the United States....This coward should do the right thing and resign.” https://t.co/CSJ9eu6kCj
Wow.  https://t.co/vQXRBVoj3l
Senator Jim Inhofe (R-Oklahoma) has been chosen as the next chairman of the Armed Services Committee. Senator McCain chaired the committee from 2015 until his passing.
NYT: Mueller Will Accept Some Written Answers From Trump		https://t.co/Lb8XUsQFHE
McCain’s window seems to confirm report that John Kyl will be named her husband’s replacement in the Senate. https://t.co/AeWEWJaV9Q
Kyl is Kavanaugh’s Sherpa — meaning he’s likely a yes in full confirmation vote.
Source: Former Senator Jon Kyl will be named as John McCain’s successor.
I have never cared more about the weather in Nebraska until the game is on our air. https://t.co/5XnlWc5K5Q
RT @cspan: Congressman Sam Johnson, a POW during the Vietnam War, at the casket of Senator John McCain in the U.S. Capitol Rotunda. 		Full…
RT @frankthorp: Goodnight, @SenJohnMcCain. #RIP https://t.co/Pay8CazXz0
RT @ryanobles: Unbelievably dramatic.. just as Sen @JohnMcCain’s coffin was brought up the steps of the US Capitol the skies opened up. It…
President Trump announces Don McGahn will leave the White House later this year. https://t.co/cHUumb6AFy
RT @espn: 16 seasons. Four NBA titles. An Olympic gold medal.		Manu Ginobili had an amazing career. https://t.co/ZvusDj325w
Saturday: Cindy McCain will lay a wreath at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the National Mall. https://t.co/3ZOFAuHx80
RT @cspan: Desk of Senator John McCain in the U.S. Senate. https://t.co/6lYavn3ujf
RT @SecretService: It was an honor to protect @SenJohnMcCain during his candidacy for President. Phoenix - May you Rest In Peace. https://t…
Trump: “Despite our differences on policy and politics, I respect Senator John McCain’s service to our country and, in his honor, have signed a proclamation to fly the flag of the United States at half-staff until the day of his interment.”
President Trump’s first non-tweet on John McCain since his passing Saturday. Orders flags to half-staff, announces John Kelly, Secretary Mattis &amp; John Bolton as representatives at funeral. https://t.co/HjLjSeZNrn
Wait... no no no no no no no. #ThankYouManu https://t.co/mJ40w0n6iy
Washington Post: Trump rejected plans for a White House statement praising McCain		https://t.co/MgrrFQsKMi
Memorial services for John McCain:	Wed.- Lie in state in Arizona State Capitol.	Thur.- Memorial service @ North Phoenix Baptist Church.	Friday - Lie in state in Capitol Rotunda.	Sat.- Memorial service @ Washington National Cathedral.	Sun.- Private burial @ Naval Academy Cemetery.
JUST IN: "The President has been briefed and we are monitoring the situation in Jacksonville, FL," @PressSec says.
At least one suspected shooter is dead after a mass shooting in Jacksonville. Police not ruling out a second suspect yet. https://t.co/HSVXUcUOdB
VIDEO WARNING: Audio of the mass shooting in Jacksonville, Florida https://t.co/gq83RbZspD
BREAKING: Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office says there is a mass shooting at Jacksonville Landing. https://t.co/l6bAGJpmOk
RT @dougducey: Senator #JohnMcCain will lie in state here at the Arizona Capitol this Wednesday -- his birthday. This is a rare and distinc…
President George H. W. Bush on the passing on Senator McCain. https://t.co/vJdsa25n2y
Joint statement from President and Secretary Clinton on the passing of John McCain. https://t.co/0wa1mXB1X2
RT @cindymccain: My heart is broken. I am so lucky to have lived the adventure of loving this incredible man for 38 years. He passed the wa…
President George W. Bush reacts to death of John McCain https://t.co/evqDZqIfnZ
Former Vice President Joe Biden on Senator McCain’s passing https://t.co/1zmkwu4DwF
Senator Schumer says he will offer a resolution to rename the Russell Senate Office Building after John McCain.
Democratic Leader Senator Chuck Schumer statement on John McCain https://t.co/9vbci6O6Uk
First Lady Melania Trump tweets her condolences https://t.co/hjKw9MnroB
President Trump responds to Senator McCain’s death https://t.co/Whlc5ftVmu
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell statement on McCain’s passing https://t.co/xvRd5oWuNo
President Obama’s statement on the passing of Senator John McCain https://t.co/5Cbgtn2fAa
RT @MeghanMcCain: I love you forever - my beloved father @SenJohnMcCain https://t.co/Y50tVQvlVe
BREAKING: Senator John Sidney McCain III has died after a yearlong battle with glioblastoma, according to his office. He was 81. https://t.co/3KEbxwX4NQ
JUST IN: Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey will testify before the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Sept. 5.
I’m gone one week on vacation and @AdamKing_News is anchoring Fox News First!? #TheyGrowUpSoFast
@DavidCaltabiano https://t.co/j78Wy0NYFz
JUST IN: The jury has sent a note to the court’s chambers in the trial of Paul Manafort, Special Counsel’s Office say.
RT @eltonofficial: She sang and played magnificently, and we all wept. We were witnessing the greatest soul artist of all time. I adored he…
Today the world is a little more quiet — the Queen of Soul has passed but her music will live on. RIP Aretha Franklin.
And there’s the response https://t.co/NlkDVNTqvZ
@PressSec: "The very idea a staff member would sneak a recording device into the White House Situation Room, shows a blatant disregard for our national security..." No denial that Omarosa was taken into SitRoom to be fired or that she could have taken in a recording device.
RT @nedprice: There’s a misimpression that it’d be difficult to sneak a phone into the Sit Room. It wouldn’t be. It’s a system built on tru…
"Lowlife. She's a lowlife," Trump responded after being asked if he feels betrayed by Omarosa, per pool report.
RT @AlaskaAir: We've confirmed a Horizon Air Q400 that had an unauthorized takeoff from SeaTac around 8pm has gone down near Ketron Island…
RT @PierceSheriff: Follow this thread for official info. This is not a terrorist incident. Confirmed info .. this is a single suicide male.…
RT @PierceSheriff: Male is confirmed a suicidal male. Acted alone he is 29 year old Pierce county residence . We are working back ground on…
RT @PierceSheriff: No passengers on plane.
RT @PierceSheriff: Two military F 15 chased plane but was not involved in crash
RT @PierceSheriff: Stolen horizon airplane crashed into Ketron island. Preliminary info is that a mechanic from unknown airlines stole plan…
RT @SeaTacAirport: An airline employee conducted an unauthorized takeoff without passengers at Sea-Tac; aircraft has crashed in south Puget…
Nice lightening storm happening right now near Alamo Ranch @News4SA @KABBFOX29 @ChrisSuchanWOAI https://t.co/AYGCZzSTTU
"Judge Kavanaugh looks forward to addressing the Judiciary Committee in public hearings for the American people to view,” Raj Shah says.
JUST IN: Confirmation hearing for Brett Kavanaugh will begin on September 4, according to a release from the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Michael Avenatti, the lawyer  representing adult film actress Stormy Daniels in a case against President Trump: "I’m exploring a run for the presidency of the United States"		https://t.co/sP09MlMuaI
Attorney General Jeff Sessions will travel to Houston on Friday to deliver remarks on efforts to combat violent crime, DOJ announces.
Julián Castro's Opportunity First PAC also announcing endorsement of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in New York's 14th congressional district.
Julián Castro's Opportunity First PAC announces endorsement of Todd Litton (TX-02), Lizzie Fletcher (TX-07), Veronica Escobar (TX-16), Joseph Kopser (TX-21), Sri Preston Kulkarni (TX-22), Gina Ortiz Jones (TX-23), Eric Holguin (TX-27), MJ Hegar (TX-31) and Colin Allred (TX-32).
Former San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro will speak at the Iowa State Fair on August 17		https://t.co/rLda6g4DpP
BREAKING: State television in Venezuela showed President Nicolas Maduro abruptly cutting short a speech on Saturday after an unidentified sound.		https://t.co/pbX1v0dxS7
BREAKING: The Travis County Medical Examiner’s Office has officially identified the fifth victim of the fire at Iconic Village apartments as Belinda Moats of Big Wells, TX.
“Despite published reports, the White House’s requests for meetings between Judge Kavanaugh and Senators Schumer and Feinstein remain unanswered after over three weeks," WH spox Raj Shah says.
@PanicAtTheDisco is in Houston tonight and I’m at my desk at work — please respect my privacy during this incredibly difficult time. https://t.co/DN0d8BGoaA
The Cook Political Report moves #TXSen race from "likely Republican" to "lean Republican."		https://t.co/Zry3YLpJj2
Ted Cruz leads Beto O’Rourke 49-43 in #TXSen race, according to a new Quinnipiac poll. Democrats and Republican are squarely behind their candidate, but Independents are splitting 46-46. #TX2018
Both are Obama alumni -- Bell was a field organizer in Houston during 2012 campaign and Allred worked for HUD.
JUST IN: President Obama announces his endorsement of 81 candidates including Adrienne Bell in the #TX14 &amp; Colin Allred in the #TX32.
No White House press briefing to begin the month of August, per schedule just sent out.
Mercedes Schlapp will temporarily take over Spanish-language media duties.
Helen Aguirre Ferré is leaving her post as White House Director of Media Affairs, sources tell me. Ferré is expected to serve in another capacity to be announced in coming weeks, they add.
After 11,121 days on the Supreme Court, Anthony Kennedy has officially retired. He joins Sandra Day O’Connor, David Souter and John Paul Stevens is assuming senior status.
Hillary Clinton contributes to local House candidate		https://t.co/77bSkrQIRr
Hillary Clinton contributes to local House candidate		https://t.co/FCyv5REA1r
UPDATE: While Houston Astros owner Jim Crane &amp; Rockets owner Tilman Fertitta are expected to sit on a potential host committee for the 2020 Democratic National Convention -- a team spokesperson says Texans owner Bob McNair will not.
NEW: Officials with the DNC will visit Houston in mid-August and the Miami area in early September, according to sources with direct knowledge of the visits. Milwaukee is expected to hold their site visit in August but it has not been locked in. 		https://t.co/IkyDkPZHRG
NEW: Officials with the DNC will visit Houston in mid-August and the Miami area in early September, according to sources with direct knowledge of the visits. Milwaukee is expected to hold their site visit in August but it has not been locked in. 		https://t.co/5gsZw5QzAO
NEW: Sherrod Brown's campaign says he will debate Jim Renacci three times before Election Day. The debates will take place in Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati.
UPDATE: Police tell our crew that a man pointed a shotgun at his neighbor across the street then went back inside. SAPD working to get negotiators to the scene on Lombrano. https://t.co/ZV42oGRfds
RT @PatrickSvitek: Confirmed: @BetoORourke is accepting @TedCruz's proposal to debate five times over the next few months, but O'Rourke has…
Les Moonves in the @NewYorker: "I recognize that there were times decades ago when I may have made some women uncomfortable by making advances. Those were mistakes, and I regret them immensely."
Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) says he will announce his bid for Speaker of the House in a letter to colleagues.
President Trump will visit Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania on August 2 for a MAGA rally, his campaign announces.
BREAKING: President Trump will not host Russian President Vladimir Putin in Washington until next year, national security adviser John Bolton says in a statement.
RT @zhedrickTV: FULL STORY: Friends of Dru Estes say he was passionate about his faith and music.	It's believed he's one of the five missin…
Democratic Senator Joe Donnelly will meet with SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh on August 15.
INBOX: President Trump will visit Tampa, Florida on Tuesday, July 31 for a MAGA rally.
JUST IN: Democratic Senator Joe Manchin's office confirms he will meet with SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh on Monday, July 30.
The 23 GOP Senators that SCOTUS nominee Brett Kavanaugh has met with:		- McConnell	- Grassley	- Hatch	- Cornyn	- Graham	- Crapo	- Portman	- Sullivan	- Sasse	- Capito	- Fischer	- Tillis	- Cruz	- Daines	- Isakson	- Young	- Lee	- Corker	- Flake	- Heller	- Perdue	- Lankford	- Enzi
Andrew McCabe's spokesperson &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/Y9NOsCbcic
Former Director of the National Security Agency responds &gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/MWGSzD9Cjt
NEW: President Trump is looking into revoking the security clearance of John Brennan, James Comey, James Clapper, Michael Hayden, Susan Rice and Andrew McCabe, @PressSec says.
Firefighters recover three bodies from rubble of San Marcos apartment complex fire		https://t.co/KsCLebIcMj
RT @quixem: Kawhi on the way to his physical in Toronto (cc: @DavidCaltabiano) https://t.co/Sk4widuZVw
*record scratch*		*freeze frame*		yup. that's me. so you're probably wondering how I got myself into this situation https://t.co/MF29IKuZHH
@randybeamer @ChrisSuchanWOAI and @JessicaHeadley_ have joined @RobertPriceTV in #ProjectBiscuit commentary. https://t.co/hr9FpMWr6g
@RobertPriceTV is providing LIVE commentary of #ProjectBiscuit on the @News4SA and @KABBFOX29 Facebook pages. https://t.co/yEFCQBupC4
LIVE FEED &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/9oxnIg7L84
PROJECT BISCUIT: What happens to a can of biscuit dough left in a hot car during the extreme San Antonio heat? Watch here &gt;&gt;&gt;	https://t.co/MosqB9lYGv
JUST IN: Republican National Committee selects Charlotte, North Carolina to host 2020 nominating convention.
Spurs say no welcome press conference planned right now, but Coach Pop will be available to the media this afternoon.
That damn Saharan dust got in my eye #ThankYouDanny #OnceaASpurAlwaysASpur https://t.co/fgbsQu7VKA
Official: SPURS OBTAIN DEMAR DEROZAN, JAKOB POELTL AND FIRST ROUND PICK FROM RAPTORS IN EXCHANGE FOR KAWHI LEONARD AND DANNY GREEN
RT @SBNation: "GET ON THE PLANE KAWHI" https://t.co/Ed5u0PZJ3v
Hmm...tragic #ByeKawhi https://t.co/24jkKt5SeS
RT @wojespn: Spurs have agree to trade Kawhi Leonard and Danny Green to Toronto for DeMar DeRozan, Jakob Poeltl and a protected 2019 first-…
FCC Chairman Pai: "I have serious concerns about the Sinclair/Tribune	transaction. The evidence we’ve received suggests that certain station divestitures....would allow Sinclair to control those stations in practice, even if not in name, in violation of the law."
Putin, via interpreter: "Once again President Trump mentioned the issue of the so-called interference... The Russian state has never interfered and is never going to interfere in internal American affairs.”
JUST IN: Senator Elizabeth Warren has announced her endorsement of Gina Ortiz Jones in Texas’ 23rd Congressional District.
White House says Presidents Trump and Putin will hold a "1:1 bilateral meeting" before an expanded bilateral meeting and working lunch.
On the official White House schedule: "THE PRESIDENT has a joint press conference with the President of the Russian Federation."
SAFD is fighting a fire behind a car service shop in the 13100 block of Wetmore Drive. Still waiting on info from officials on the scene. https://t.co/NsuiSjZMkC
NEW: CBS News says anchor Jeff Glor interviewed President Trump today at Trump Turnberry Resort in Scotland.
Scene outside Holmes High School where a chase ended just moments ago. Police tell me they found a woman passed out in her car, she then led police on a chase crashing into road signs in the proces. She’s being arrested on suspicion of DWI and evading arrest. https://t.co/r5mY6CCtoz
My Jobs before Journalism...		Sales Clerk at SeaWorld	Performer at SeaWorld	Cashier at Target	Cash Control Lead at Six Flags	Cashier at Central Market https://t.co/BYyrpPvCOh
JUST IN: @GregAbbott_TX has accepted an invitation to debate @LupeValdez on Sept. 28 in Austin.
White House sends official nomination to the Senate. https://t.co/nzIUOWtKhj
Dallas Co. Sheriff's Office says they are assisting Seagoville PD after reports of a possible active shooter event at the Army Reserve Base. Authorities have set a perimeter and are searching + clearing out buildings but have found nothing yet. No injured reported.
Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV): "I look forward to meeting with Judge Kavanaugh, examining his rulings and making a determination of whether to provide my consent.”
Judicial Crisis Network is launching a $1.4 million ad buy on national cable and digital in Alabama, Indiana, North Dakota and West Virginia to support Judge Brett Kavanaugh.
Former President George W. Bush: "President Trump has made an outstanding decision in nominating Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.....He will make a superb Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States."
BREAKING: President Trump will nominate Judge Brett Michael Kavanaugh of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to be the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. https://t.co/jy9DqldAPS
Judge Brett Kavanaugh lives in the DC area and Judge Thomas Hardiman is reportedly in DC for a conference.
Judge Amy Coney Barrett and Judge Raymond Kethledge are both home in Indiana and Michigan, respectively.
Former Senator Jon Kyl (R-AZ) will serve as the Sherpa for the President’s nominee to the Supreme Court, WH says. Kyl served on the Senate Judiciary Committee during the confirmations of 4 of the last 5 justices who have joined the Supreme Court.
HAPPENING NOW: Heavy rain moving through the SeaWorld area. Monitor @News4SA and @KABBFOX29 for the very latest. https://t.co/lnzFvOjC1x
NRSC says Sen. Casey (D-PA) "shows he will oppose President Trump at all costs, even when doing so makes him look like a partisan hack," after he announces he will oppose Trump's unnamed nominee.
BREAKING: Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) will oppose President Trump's Supreme Court nominee - which will be announced tonight - calling it "outrageous" for the Heritage Foundation to "dictate" list of 25 potential nominees.
BREAKING: Boris Johnson has resigned as UK Foreign Secretary, Downing Street announces.
JUST IN: Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has arrived in Afghanistan for an unannounced visit, according to the traveling State Department press pool.
RIGHT NOW: BCSO is asking people to avoid the area around the West Camino Creek Trailer Park in the 9600 block of Highway 90 West after a man barricaded himself inside with a shotgun.
Tomorrow, President Trump will receive his intelligence briefing before having lunch with Vice President Pence. Only public appearance will be prime time Supreme Court announcement.
President Trump says he is "close to making a decision," on his Supreme Court nominee. Says he will be "deciding tonight or tomorrow sometime by 12 o'clock." Announcement scheduled for 9 PM tomorrow.
If you missed @RobertPriceTV story tonight, take a minute to watch it. A great trip down memory lane. I’m sitting in a room covered with Spurs memorabilia and there’s something in the air. #ThankYouTony https://t.co/Thd4AGyJz9
‘MAGA’ hat returned to teen	https://t.co/R8AlwWTQTY
Tony Parker agrees to two-year contract with Hornets		https://t.co/n40uqzJgTq
RT @wojespn: Tony Parker has agreed to a two-year, $10M deal with Charlotte, league source tells ESPN
President Trump says he has accepted the resignation of EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. https://t.co/HxJsRySL9G
Judge Don Willett of the the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and former Associate Justice on the Texas Supreme Court is no longer being considered for the Supreme Court nomination, multiple sources confirm to me.
NOTE: Trump also spoke with Senator Mike Lee -- which could bring list to eight potential nominees interviewed. https://t.co/BuGBeNwsyt
White House confirms President Trump spoke with three potential Supreme Court nominees today. Reports also indicate he spoke to four yesterday -- bringing total to seven.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will leave for North Korea on July 5, @PressSec confirms.
RT @wojespn: LeBron James has agreed to 4-year, $154M deal with Lakers, Klutch Sports says.
JUST IN: President Trump says he will announce his Supreme Court nominee July 9. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
RT @jessica_roy: I was pulling photos from the shooting today and found this one: two of the @capgaznews journalists working on tomorrow's…
RT @Kyle_Feldscher: The Times-Picayune kept working while Katrina destroyed their homes.		WDBJ didn't stop working when two of its reporter…
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the Senate will vote on Kennedy’s replacement “this fall.”
BREAKING: Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy says he’s retiring effective July 31. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
JUST IN: Joe Jackson is dead at age 89, according to TMZ.
JUST IN: Former State Senator Carlos Uresti has been sentenced to 12 years in prison after being found guilty of 11 felony charges — including multiple counts of fraud and money laundering — earlier this year.
UPDATE: Spokeswoman tells me there are no plans at this time for President Trump to join the First Lady. https://t.co/ielYJ76ZQ6
JUST IN: A spokeswoman for First Lady Melania Trump confirms to me that Mrs. Trump “plans to visit additional (immigration) facilities sometime this week.” Dates and location have yet to be released. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
Former press secretary Sean Spicer on Jan. 31, 2017: "When we use words like 'travel ban' that misrepresents what it is." https://t.co/Ft2MSJnxtB
In a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court has ruled in favor of President Trump’s third attempt at a travel ban for Chad, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria, Venezuela and Yemen. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
Update: I just ran three miles at 7 am and actually liked it https://t.co/l06zNezqo4
So I signed up for a 7 am workout forgetting the fact that I usually fall asleep around 4 am. https://t.co/tFJAFqJvLl
JUST IN: DNC Chair Tom Perez will travel to Brownsville on Thursday. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
BREAKING: Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has announced her endorsement of Joseph Kopser, the Democratic nominee for Congress in Texas’ 21st Congressional District. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
UPDATE: A 5-year-old was struck and killed by a truck in the parking lot of SeaWorld San Antonio after she got away from her parents. Police say there is no indication that anything criminal took place.
BREAKING: A little girl is dead after being run over at SeaWorld San Antonio.
@ChelsSantiTV @AdamKing_News @DarianTrotter @JBorlinghaus @DavidCaltabiano Omg I miss the sass that matches mine
@DavidCaltabiano Sorry to hear that man, wishing you a speedy recovery.
FIRST LOOK: Four people believed to be illegal immigrants are dead and several others are injured after a rollover accident in Big Wells. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 has a crew on the way. https://t.co/AaZYdOLYZd
NEW: Photos of Mayor Ron Nirenberg greeting King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain as they arrive in San Antonio. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/7UsZ3ZFbi0
After endorsing Kevin Cramer for Senate, President Trump's campaign announces a rally in Fargo, North Dakota on June 27.
@quixem Except he’s not..... https://t.co/tpTZAPXAFk
DNC say they will hold the Democratic National Convention from July 13 to July 16, 2020.  City still to be determined.
Hillary Clinton responds to a report that James Comey used a personal gmail account to conduct official business while investigating Clinton's use of a private server. https://t.co/ISkZhNXeLu
FBI Director Chris Wray: "This report did not find any evidence of political bias or improper considerations actually impacting the considerations under review."
Me on the outside: “yeah working out is great, I’m on day 7 and I’m really starting to get the hang of it”		Me on the inside: please help me, I cannot feel my body https://t.co/jvKjBkcf3T
Authorities are investigating the scene where more than 50 suspected undocumented immigrants were found in a semi-truck on the Northeast side.		https://t.co/JvCvHhj8O8
FOX says Bret Baier sat down for an interview with President Trump on Air Force One before he departed Singapore. The interview — Trump’s first with Baier since taking office — airs tomorrow.
White House releases official text of Trump-Kim statement. #SingaporeSummit https://t.co/tOTKsVYw7t
Trump says he would be open to  traveling to North Korea at “the appropriate time.” Adds Kim has accepted an invitation to visit the White House “at the appropriate time.” #SingaporeSummit⁠ ⁠
Trump say he would like to bring troops home from South Korea but that is “not part of the equation right now.” #SingaporeSummit
Trump: “The past does not have to define the future. Yesterday's conflict does not have to be tomorrow's war.” #SingaporeSummit
In an interview with George Stephanopoulos, Trump confirms he had spoken with Kim over the phone ahead of their #SingaporeSummit. Trump had previously declined to answer the question.
Trump will also sit down with George Stephanopoulos of ABC News. #SingaporeSummit https://t.co/Yw4lrML2Zo
Agreement: "“President Trump committed to provide security guarantees to the DPRK and Chairman Kim Jong Un reaffirmed his firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.” #SingaporeSummit
"The United States and DRPK commit to hold follow-up negotiations" which will be led by Secretary Pompeo at "the earliest possible date." #SingaporeSummit
BREAKING: Kim agrees to "work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula." #SingaporeSummit
BREAKING: Trump and Kim agree to "join efforts to build a lasting and stable peace regime on the Korean Peninsula." #SingaporeSummit
BREAKING: Trump and Kim agree to "establish new US-DPRK relations in accordance with the desires of the peoples of the two countries for peace and prosperity." #SingaporeSummit
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS and Chairman Kim Jong Un sign a document after their meeting at the #SingaporeSummit https://t.co/xC3iHlitYx
Trump says he "absolutely" would invite Kim to the White House. #SingaporeSummit
Kim, through a translator, says they have agreed to "leave the past behind" and the world will see "a major change." #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
President Trump says he and Kim will be signing a "comprehensive document." No details about what is in the document yet. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
RT @elianayjohnson: Pool is currently holding in a room clearly prepared for a document signing. Cos Kelly and NSA Bolton present. Huge com…
Trump says he and North Korea's Kim Jong Un will sign an unspecified document shortly. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit https://t.co/LhuzboAch4
White House releases a list of advisors from the US and North Korea who will participate in the working lunch. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit https://t.co/xkQ3skz9yZ
Trump and Kim are now in a bilateral meeting with their advisors. Trump is joined by chief of staff John Kelly, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and National Security Advisor John Bolton. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
An incredible photo from Evan Vucci of the AP. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit https://t.co/7X0iEfekPp
Because of incredible photojournalist, these moments will live on in history forever. (Photos: AP) #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit https://t.co/HzBHeYeBDZ
Seeing some reports that Kim told Trump “nice to meet you, Mr. President” in English — but it’s unclear if it was him or a translator off to the side.
The photo that will almost certainly be the headline photo on websites and newspapers around the world. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit https://t.co/lhzcYAdC7S
Video of Kim Jong-un and President Trump arriving and shaking hands as they begin their #SingaporeSummit. https://t.co/7lH8iByqW5
BREAKING: United States President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un shake hands as they prepare for their historic one-on-one meeting.  #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
JUST IN: Both Kim Jong-un and President Trump have arrived at the Capella hotel in Singapore. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
BREAKING: President Trump tweets that National Economic Council Director Larry Kudlow has suffered a heart attack.
Kim Jong-un and his delegation are preparing to leave their hotel en route to #SingaporeSummit. President Trump has already left his hotel. #TrumpKimSummit
Trump also spoke with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, WH says. https://t.co/cozxYH7I4T
White House confirms President Trump spoke with South Koran President Moon Jae-in by phone ahead of his summit with the North Korean leader. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
DOJ spokesperson: “We are sheltering in place. I cannot confirm the reports” of an active shooter at Department of Justice building in DC.
FOX News confirms Sean Hannity will sit down for an interview with President Trump following his summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
The official #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit schedule has been released. Trump is expected to hold a media availability with or without a deal. https://t.co/Ih4Q9cqEyD
A White House official confirms #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit will begin with a one-on-one between President Trump and Kim Jong-un.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will hold an on-camera briefing at 5 PM Singapore time, White House says. #SingaporeSummit #TrumpKimSummit
JUST IN: President Trump has accepted an invitation for an official state visit to Singapore in November, the Prime Minister's office says. Trump will be there for the the ASEAN-US Summit &amp; East Asia Summit. #SingaporeSummit	#TrumpKimSummit
Suspect, victims identified in Wilson County double murder		https://t.co/7d0xptj1Qy
BREAKING (AP): Hurricane Bud forms in Pacific off Mexico's coast; 2nd hurricane of eastern Pacific season.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has arrived in Singapore ahead of his June 12 meeting with President Trump. #SingaporeSummit (Photo: Singapore Minister for Foreign Affairs Vivian Balakrishnan.) https://t.co/1cUNRUM8jH
After reports that the US would sign the communique following the #G7Summit2018, POTUS tweets he has instructed representatives to not sign it because of "false statement" made by the Canadian prime minister. https://t.co/P5TdDDFJqY
Does anyone have eyes on @AdamKing_News 👀👀
INBOX: President Trump announces Philadelphia Eagles are “unable” to visit the White House with “their full team” because they “disagree with their President because he insists that they proudly stand for the National Anthem.” https://t.co/fpR8EjnoMX
BREAKING: Howard Schultz is stepping down as executive chairman of Starbucks amid growing speculation that he is considering a run for president in 2020.
@AdamKing_News @ChelsSantiTV I told her after 14 season of Grey's Anatomy I’m fairly confident in my ability to deliver a baby!
@RomeroIsis Me while waiting for football, baseball, hockey, golf and/or NASCAR to finish on NBC and FOX
@ChelsSantiTV Omg congrats! He was two days late to have the *perfect* unofficial middle name
@AshleiKing @KABBFOX29 @News4SA @FOX16News You’ll be incredibly missed by all in the newsroom! It’s bittersweet to see you go! Congratulations on the move!
@RobertPriceTV  https://t.co/QvXbzidOkL
@___maryssa @netflix Newsroom watch party!? https://t.co/0ffjDaJOVg
Bush 41 is in the hospital after experiencing low blood pressure. https://t.co/bVgm3KITIR
RT @Jonathan_Feigen: Rockets sold out all 10,000 tickets to tonight's watch party at Toyota Center. That's $100,000, all going to the Santa…
Me looking at the temperature for next week https://t.co/M2R0YSXNXL
https://t.co/u8YG28isdO
BREAKING: In a letter, President Trump says his June 12 meeting with Kim Jong-Un will not take place.
JUST IN: An official confirms there is "tentative indication” that King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain will visit San Antonio from June 16-18. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
@randrewwhite has conceded and endorsed @LupeValdez in #TXGov race. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
It’s runoff election day in Texas and @News4SA and @KABBFOX29 will have full coverage at 9, 10 and online. https://t.co/fkRDgyFX0f
RT @_SarahDuran: Happened to spot a dog drowning in Woodland Lake and notified @SATXPolice Officer David Ramirez. He sent @alexluna801 to g…
All firefighters safe after San Antonio fire truck flips over on far North side		https://t.co/CmF2W9PId0
UPDATE: The truck is now upright https://t.co/LFByidJ90Z
A fire truck is on its side near Canyon Gulf and Links Lane. Officials at the scene say the truck was returning from a call when it flipped on its side. No injuries reported. https://t.co/whQRmOmdpd
SAPD: There is NO active shooter situation at Rolling Oaks Mall. Robbery at jewelry store. No shots fired.
The Pagourtzis Family released a statement saying they are as "shocked and confused as anyone else by these events that occurred." https://t.co/4fpOPXXKSo
BREAKING: Galveston County Medical Examiner and Sheriff’s Office, identify all 10 people killed in yesterday's shooting. 8 were student, 2 were teachers. https://t.co/BMV6w0EtYq
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be known as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Buckingham Palace announces. #RoyalWedding
President Trump has ordered all flags to half-staff until Tuesday.
JUST IN: President Trump has issued a presidential proclamation honoring the victims of the shooting in Santa Fe, Texas https://t.co/k96etAey9z
RT @ArtAcevedo: Retired HPD SPO John Barnes, 49, was sworn in in May 1995 &amp; retired Jan 2018.  He began his career at SW Patrol and began w…
RT @ArtAcevedo: Just left @utmbhealth Galveston. On behalf of @SantaFeISD Police Officer John Barnes family, thank you for your prayers. Jo…
Pagourtzis is 17-years-old. Sheriff’s office says additional charges may follow.
BREAKING: The suspect from the Santa Fe ISD shooting scene has been booked into the Galveston County Jail.  He is identified as Dimitrios Pagourtzis. Being held for Capital Murder; no bond. https://t.co/GVGSLwbeNT
Gov. Abbott says he has spoken with President Trump, Vice President Pence and Secretaries Nielsen and DeVos.
Gov. Abbott says 2 weapons were used: a shotgun and .38 revolver. Father legally owned weapons, unclear if father knew they were taken by son.
RT @EmilyBaucum: Gov. Abbott says law enforcement has detected a CO2 device and a Molotov cocktail, in home and vehicle.
Gov. Abbott says next week he will begin holding roundtables to discuss ways to ensure a school shooting like Santa Fe will never happen again in Texas.
Gov. Abbott confirms 10 people are dead, another 10 injured in Santa Fe HS shooting.
RT @SantaFeISD: #UPDATE	Dr. Superintendent Leigh Wall:	It is with great sadness that I stand here to share with you that we experienced an…
RT @SantaFeISD: #UPDATE There are multiple agencies on site to support the district and community such as the FBI, ATF, Texas Department of…
An aide to Senator Cruz confirms he is headed to Santa Fe.
Santa Fe ISD says law enforcement officials are in the process of examining possible explosive devices on and off campus. https://t.co/ALgJtLwDs8
People from the San Antonio area who want to help should make an appointment by either calling the South Texas Blood and Tissue Center at 210-731-5590 or going online at https://t.co/xl4JwcFE7V
South Texas Blood and Tissue Center says they have been contacted by the Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center, who is requesting help with O-Negative blood and platelet donors.
Harris County Sheriff Ed Gonzalez says 8-10 student, adult staff are dead in Santa Fe High School shooting. A Santa Fe ISD officer was injured and is being treated at the hospital. Shooter is a student at the high school.
Gov. Abbott says he is on his way to Santa Fe High School. Says a press conference will take place at 1 PM.
UPDATE: Harris County Sheriff says a second person has been detained. Confirms a police officer was injured and is being treated. https://t.co/1zdGWQiKMQ
President Trump responds to shooting at Santa Fe High School. Says things are "not looking good." https://t.co/PzN0cqfYBf
First Lady Melania Trump responds to Santa Fe High School shooting. https://t.co/SSImLrz1mR
Harris County Sheriff's Office says they are assisting with a "multiple-casualty incident" at Santa Fe High School.
RT @HCSOTexas: We are assisting @SantaFeISD with a multiple-casualty incident at Santa Fe High School. This is no longer an active shooting…
Santa Fe ISD: "The situation is active, but has been contained. There have been confirmed injuries."
FBI Houston office tells me they are assisting local law enforcement on the scene of the Santa Fe High School shooting. Local police are lead investigators, they tell me.
UPDATE: One person has been taken into in custody at the scene of an active shooting at Santa Fe High School, the Galveston County sheriff says.
Just for location reference: Santa Fe, TX is about 35 miles from Houston and 20 miles from Galveston.
BREAKING: Active shooter confirmed at Houston-area high school		https://t.co/vFuE6AKUYh
The ATF day they are responding to a school shooting at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas.
The school district says that a lockdown had been initiated.
BREAKING: Police are responding to an active shooter situation at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas. The district serves parts of League City, La Marque, Hitchcock, and Dickinson.
JUST IN: A meeting between President Trump and the Vice Premier of China has just been added to today’s official schedule. Earlier, Trump seemed to fault China for Kim Jong-Un threatening to cancel their June meeting.
Councilman Brockhouse is calling for all closed-door executive sessions of city council to be recorded.
Update: A woman shot while reportedly trying to collect three months worth of back rent has died. Her son is still in critical condition.		https://t.co/zJXLbSIoo9
BREAKING NEWS: Scott Mayer, who has been missing since May 2, has been found dead, according to the "Find Scott Mayer" Facebook page.		https://t.co/QGQaWP2Dy8
8-year-old accidentally ran over after jumping out the car		https://t.co/cuZ1oxAFiV
James Borrego will be introduced as the Hornet's head coach at a press conference tomorrow at 11am ET.
RT @spurs: Best of luck, JB! https://t.co/6b3oJPPdtp
Authorities find 12-year-old girl missing for more than two weeks		https://t.co/aYE4ptcyk5
@melissamvega Omg the bow tie!
President Trump and Kim Jong-un’s meeting will take place June 12 in Singapore.
Trump on whether he has spoken directly with Kim Jung-un: “I don’t want to comment on whether or not I spoke to him.”
Trump: “My proudest achievement will be when we denuclearize the entire peninsula.”
3:02 AM ET: The three Americans detained in North Korea have stepped foot back on American soil after landing at Joint Base Andrews.
President and Mrs. Trump are now boarding the plane carrying the three returnees. Vice President and Mrs. Pence &amp; Secretary Pompeo are waiting at the bottom of the stairs.
BREAKING: The plane carrying the three freed Americans has landed at Joint Base Andrews at 2:42 AM ET. They will be greeted by President Trump and Vice President Pence then head to Walter Reed for medical evaluation and treatment.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has landed at Joint Base Andrews after a trip to Pyongyang, North Korea to meet with Kim Jong-un. Next plane to land will be carrying the three freed Americans.
President Trump, First Lady Melania Trump, National Security Advisor John Bolton and Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders have arrived at Joint Base Andrews on Marine One.
White House spokeswoman: The families of the returnees are not on site at Andrews. Those three Americans will be greeted by POTUS and VPOTUS then head to Walter Reed in Maryland for evaluation and treatment.
Marine Two carrying Vice Present Pence and his wife just landed at Joint Base Andrews.
Still no word on whether any family members are present for the return to Andrews AFB.
We are expecting the three Americans to immediately depart after being greeted by Trump and Pence. Trump may also make remarks.
Vice President Pence’s helicopter (Marine Two) will arrive at Andrews AFB first followed by President Trump in Marine One. Secretary Pompeo’s plane will land next followed by a medical plane carrying the three Americans freed from North Korean custody.
President Donald Trump will meet with President Shavkat Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan on May 16, the White House says.
City Council will vote on building a brand new H-E-B distribution and food processing center next week.		https://t.co/MpCPvE5uV5
7-week-old fighting for her life after being hit by a ball at softball game		https://t.co/WyYaFoJapd
How the Pope's visit to Panama may help cartels to move more cocaine to the US Border		https://t.co/coL8U2sZ6w
Shed fire spreads to propane tanks at Northwest side compound		https://t.co/bhARShSani
Senator McCain: "Ms. Haspel’s role in overseeing the use of torture by Americans is disturbing. Her refusal to acknowledge torture’s immorality is disqualifying. I believe the Senate should exercise its duty of advice and consent and reject this nomination." https://t.co/NknjkGi4bf
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with…
BREAKING: President Trump says Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is en route to North Korea ahead of Trump's upcoming meeting with Kim Jong Un. Pompeo also made a trip to Pyongyang as CIA Director.
UPDATE: Schlather Intermediate School in Cibolo is now off lockdown after a police issue in the area earlier today.
AP sources: President Trump will announce that the United States is withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal. https://t.co/J8iwPc45RX
BREAKING: Spurs assistant James Borrego is finalizing a deal to become the next head coach of the Charlotte Hornets, per ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski.
What an 'Ozone Action Day' really means		https://t.co/MpWF9NliOZ
"It was disgusting" A daycare bathroom is at the center of controversy		https://t.co/TBk3EMHPZ4
Search for missing 12 year old girl expands		https://t.co/YOzSBPnCwJ
New York AG Eric Schneiderman resigns after accusations of physical abuse by four women		https://t.co/nXiqFYKj8a
RT @johndelizondo: Despite being deaf, @saWCbaseball's Joshua Dugan is giving people a reason to listen to his story as he plays to inspire…
New Braunfels police say 36-year-old James Flores of San Antonio died Sunday afternoon after drowning in the Comal River. Fire officials located his body and started life-saving efforts, but he was pronounced dead at the hospital.
RT @missionsmilb: What an amazing night at The 🐺 tonight!!!!  8,337 fans are here to cheer on the Flying Chanclas!!!! It’s our largest crow…
ICYMI: Bucks plan on interviewing Spurs' Hammon for head coaching position		https://t.co/mwo0NxWHNE
RT @DavidChancellor: To the idiots on twitter who think Becky Hammon doesn't deserve this shot...close your account, and move.....to an iso…
!!!!!! https://t.co/43RQBqXeTg
SAPD says they have arrested 18 year old Brianna Starkes. She is accused of helping two male suspects promote, recruit, and entice underage girls into working as prostitutes for male pimps. She is now facing a 1st degree felony charge. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/FzWqvd7bR7
BREAKING: A San Antonio police officer is heading to University Hospital after being struck by a vehicle on the Southwest side.		https://t.co/AbBS12lIw2
Two inmates at the Bexar County Detention Center are in the hospital tonight after deputies stopped two separate suicide attempts. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
17-year-old Jorge Carmond has been charged with capital murder after allegedly stabbing his neighbors to death Thursday morning along Lost Hills Drive.Victims were 61-year-old John Smith and 59-year-old Melinda Smith. https://t.co/SLxcVfmLoE
With the 14th pick in the #NFLDraft, the #Saints select @UTSA DE Marcus Davenport.		https://t.co/Q0DtGJhDEe
WOW. #NFLDraft18
@Hannah_Trippett with the best question — “who are you wearing?” WE LOVED IT!
BREAKING: Bill Cosby has been found guilty on all three counts in sexual assault retrial.
RT @johndelizondo: Tony Parker said he wants to come back to the #Spurs next season. Will accept returning as the backup PG.
Somewhere in San Antonio, Coach Pop is smiling because the Spurs refused to go down without a fight #GoSpursGo
If this was Manu’s last game as a Spur, it was a hell of a game to end a hell of a career #GoSpursGo https://t.co/zjPsJcLGbF
RT @DallasPD: We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Ple…
San Antonio Fire and Police are responding to the 3300 block of Weir Ave for a call for a suspicious package. SAPD bomb squad is on the scene, according to officials.
JUST IN: President George H.W. Bush has been admitted to a Houston hospital for an infection that has spread to his blood, per a family spokesman. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
RT @MNPDNashville: BREAKING: Travis Reinking apprehended moments ago in a wooded area near Old Hickory Blvd &amp; Hobson Pk. https://t.co/00ukg…
RT @MNPDNashville: BREAKING:  Murder suspect Travis Reinking is in custody.  Arrested moments ago. https://t.co/WwuDCXDCGQ
@KensingtonRoyal says the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton is at St. Mary’s Hospital in London and is in the early stages of labor. Royal baby #3 could be here any minute.
Spurs-Warriors game 5 will tip at 9:30 PM on Tuesday.
Congratulation to @randybeamer, @EmilyBaucum, @AliciaNicole_tv, @EvanHenson and my deskmate @KABBDESK on their AP awards!
Here is the mugshot for Lois Riess, the grandmother accused of killing her husband in Minnesota &amp; then traveling to Florida to impersonate and kill another woman. She was arrested on South Padre Island Thursday evening. 		https://t.co/dWfWBV0X1o https://t.co/yQayNIAlyW
@AdamKing_News is up early and on the scene of a fire on S Hackberry. Fire has been going for over an hour now. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
RT @BillClinton: Coach Popovich - I join the NBA family and countless fans across the country who are thinking of you, Jill, and Micky toni…
Just 24 hours after the passing of Barbara Bush, President George H.W. Bush releases a statement. https://t.co/M3FHigo7NK
President Trump has ordered flags to half-staff until sunset on the day of Barbara Bush's burial.
The public is invited to pay their final respects to Bush on Friday between noon and midnight as she lays in repose at St. Martin's Episcopal Church in Houston. An invitation-only funeral service will take place on Saturday. 		https://t.co/ZmKSq49YrS
Her husband, President George H.W. Bush is "broken-hearted," according to his chief of staff Jean Becker. Becker said Bush held Barbara's hand all day and was at her side when she died.		https://t.co/ZmKSq49YrS
Barbara Bush will lay in repose at St. Martin's Episcopal Church in Houston. 		https://t.co/ZmKSq49YrS
President George W. Bush and Laura Bush will sit down with FOX Business Network's Maria Bartiromo tomorrow morning.
President George W. Bush statement following the passing of his mother, Barbara Bush. https://t.co/burd9PbaLT
BREAKING: Former first lady Barbara Bush dead at 92		https://t.co/ZmKSq49YrS
BREAKING: Barbara Bush has died at the age of 92.
@MattSeedorff Way to go, Matthew! Such an awesome experience and for a great cause. #SeedorffSePuede https://t.co/NsJamno3Xj
RT @News4SA: News 4 reporter takes on the Boston Marathon https://t.co/Rr2yuqyrQ8 https://t.co/gEZYtTnoLW
HUGE shoutout to @MattSeedorff who is running the #BostonMarathon today AND was able to raise $7,600 for Brigham and Women's Hospital: Boston Hospital &amp; Medical Center (@BrighamWomens) in the process! #SeedorffSePuede
Sources: Water is wet. https://t.co/woII7Y26xV
Family spokesperson: Barbara Bush will not seek "additional medical treatment" after a series of hospitalizations. She will instead focus on "comfort care."
The setlist. The band. The dancers. The production. The choreography. The vocals. Beyoncé IS the greatest performer alive. #Beychella #Coachella2018
Beyoncé is the greatest performer alive...I'm sorry there is no debate. #Beychella
It's time for #BEYCHELLA!
4 baboons from the Texas Biomedical Research Institute escaped from their enclosure earlier today. The institute confirms 3 are back in their possession and one is believed to have returned to the enclosure. https://t.co/zfqEORaiyv
Trump: "We are prepared to sustain this response until the Syrian regime stops its use of prohibited chemical agents.”
President Trump says “precision strike” are underway in Syria. US forces joined by British and French military forces.
AP: Trump to speak Friday night amid anticipation of retaliatory strike for Syrian chemical weapon attack. Per press pool with VP, he is headed back to his hotel in Lima.
@johndelizondo @missionsmilb Funny, I found myself and my sister in this photo!
Former BCSO Deputy Michael Gomez and Deputy Joseph Anthony Hernandez have been indicted as a result of a BCSO Public Integrity Unit Investigation after assaulting an inmate in June 2017. They will both be charged with Official Oppression. https://t.co/EaWbYDFssg
Trump: “The attorney general (Jeff Sessions) made a terrible mistake when he did this and when recused himself or he certainly should have let us know if he was going to recuse himself and we would have put a different attorney general in.”
President Trump calls the FBI raid of his personal attorney’s office a “disgraceful situation.”
South Texas school district considering arming teachers, staff to protect students		https://t.co/RAYeZBaqEo
Senator Tammy Duckworth (D-Illinois) is now the first U.S. Senator to give birth while in office. She delivered her second daughter, Maile Pearl Bowlsbey today.
Woman accused of striking 6 people with vehicle on South Padre Island delayed until August		https://t.co/7cMn7bNN23
Police search for party crashers who shot man at Northwest side apartment		https://t.co/IjOmPwiWxy
Update: Stolen dog returned safely back to San Antonio Humane Society	https://t.co/tcyyZvaO6B
Selena drink cups gobbled up by fans		https://t.co/jEV6srCyEa
Man who attacked Walmart shoppers and employees with bat shot by police		https://t.co/zHbqvtsdwO
More than $3 million in narcotics seized in double bust near Hebbronville		https://t.co/1D8mt1fLGC
American Heart Association hosts 34th annual Heart Ball		https://t.co/ZT87d2dkD6
Second amendment activist suing police officer for violating her constitutional rights		https://t.co/IxLdCwYrZp
San Antonio Beer Week kicks off		https://t.co/NWSU2MwGnX
RT @FDNY: #FDNY members remain on scene of a 4-alarm fire, 721 5th Ave in Manhattan. There is currently one serious injury to a civilian, a…
Texas exporting Hurricane Harvey-flooded cars overseas		https://t.co/bxeVi2phjS
One person was seriously injured during a fire at Trump Tower Saturday evening, per the NY Fire Department. https://t.co/kIvIWl2XYQ
President Trump says the fire at Trump Tower in New York is out. Trump, the First Lady and Barron Trump are not in New York City today. https://t.co/XqgWqyvdVi
New York Fire Department confirms they are currently on the scene of a fire at Trump Tower. No injuries reported at this time. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/yhf0GU4DX8
Open Carry Texas protests 'police enforcement of illegal anti-gun laws'		https://t.co/mYtLw3rTxK
VIDEO: Tornado touches down just north of Austin		https://t.co/18K2MzHiNa
No foul play suspected in missing 81-year-old's death		https://t.co/oBNpnsBSpi
Pedestrian walking in empty parking lot hit by truck		https://t.co/JqYqzRAzm7
RT @ArianaLubelliTV: Sad news to report. Body found behind an abandoned church Thursday has been confirmed to be 81-yr-old #PeteCarreon. Th…
Heartbreaking child abuse video reinforces need to speak up		https://t.co/Cqi2wOkMTl
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes of I-10 to close at Camp Bullis this weekend due to construction		https://t.co/2Fx1dgZarN
Brick falls out of Bexar County jail, building goes into lockdown		https://t.co/OXXXnOVqdO
Texas National Guard preparing to deploy to Texas-Mexico border		https://t.co/uktK3HIjBn
Body found close to 81-year-old missing man's home		https://t.co/QwVYZkSAWL
Man shot twice with shotgun, family members speak out		https://t.co/r8MgyFbmSe
BREAKING: Rep. Blake Farenthold (TX-27) announces he is resigning from Congress effectively immediately. https://t.co/mXFOMYvcal
Abilene Police Department has given the all clear after a bomb threat promoted the evacuation of a Walmart. https://t.co/yPnJs1VjNU
UPDATE: A store manager says the evacuation was caused by a bomb threat. Everyone inside that store in now safely out and the store will remain closed until police clear the building. https://t.co/KUKPQzE6Zw
HAPPENING NOW: A Walmart in Abilene, TX is being evacuated. No official word on what prompted the evacuation. https://t.co/MEr6LHRluM
RT @MattSeedorff: The party is on in San Antonio! @NovaMBB #FinalFour https://t.co/jFWNb0pOz3
RT @MattSeedorff: Take a look! In about one hour this area will be packed with the winners of the NCAA Men’s Basketball champions #FinalFou…
RT @ArianaLubelliTV: FINALLY got to meet 6-yr-old Ryland! This little fighter survived being shot 5times in #SutherlandSprings church shoot…
RT @FinalFour: The March Madness Music Festival is near capacity. We will continue to watch crowd numbers for safety precautions. https://t…
I basically collapsed in my chair when Brendon Urie hit the high notes in "Death of a Bachelor." #FinalFour
RT @JeffBarker_: VIDEO: Awesome moment between Loyola Chicago head coach Porter Moser and senior Ben Richardson after the Ramblers historic…
RT @johndelizondo: Let’s get this party started San Antonio! #FinalFour https://t.co/Xip0UQNJs5
RT @FinalFour: The day is finally here. #FinalFour #AlamoCity https://t.co/mA4X1ig0YN
RT @johndelizondo: The President of the United States or Sister Jean Dolores-Schmidt? #FinalFour #OnwardLU https://t.co/ZHx9GPYOiI
RT @MaddySkye: My absolute favorite San Antonio mood, nothing beats it. #GoSpursGo https://t.co/eXMzw7112f
RT @AP: BREAKING: North and South Korea agree to leaders' summit on April 27 that will be only the third-ever such meeting.
Make sure you’re following @MattSeedorff who’s heading toward Kirby and @JoeGalliNews who’s heading toward Seguin to track the latest on the storm moving through the area. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
Simply put, @lovesimonmovie is going to save lives. #LoveSimon https://t.co/7gjzQ9f14b
BREAKING: David Shulkin is out as Secretary of Veterans Affairs, President Trump says White House doctor Ronny Jackson is his nominee to replace Shulkin.
The rain may have cleared the area, but — as of 1:30 PM — nearly 17,000 CPS customer are still without power. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/yoPfvFJETf
A home in the 2500 block of Cielo Trace has been ruled a total loss after lightening stuck the home. Thankfully, no one was injured during the fire. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/pLAfLwoHfv
UPDATE: Nearly 25,000 CPS customers are without power as of 4 AM. Plus over 30 low-water crossings are closed due to flooding. Everyone be safe and drive smart! @News4SA @KABBFOX29 #TurnAroundDontDrown https://t.co/wLC80gTiSY
Just after 2:30 AM, almost 20,000 people are without power all over the city. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/a8ROAGd1p0
LUBBOCK — One person is dead and three others are in the hospital with serious injuries after an explosion late Tuesday night. https://t.co/Z4DwHRgDjc
UPDATE: Now nearly 16,000 people without power as the rain continues to come down. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/UqvjQWbOz3
Just a handful of road closures right now, but that could change before your morning commute. Be sure to keep with @News4SA @KABBFOX29 for the latest. https://t.co/ql45tVr4gP
RIGHT NOW: More than 12,000 CPS customers are without power as heavy rain rolls through the area. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/cWx8PWt9PC
Heavy rain &amp; lots of thunder and lightening in the SeaWorld area. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/80i4U9O6kx
UPDATE: Officials have identified the 4-year-old boy, who died after being bitten in the neck by the family dog, as Noah Trevino. 	https://t.co/Lxa3Od9sNx
RT @DavidCaltabiano: This type of news is hard to cover. BCSO says this family dog attacked and killed a 4-year-old boy in a Converse neigh…
BREAKING: 4-year-old boy dead after being bitten by family dog.	https://t.co/Lxa3Od9sNx
*hides cowboys boots and George Strait playlist* https://t.co/YWX9hyk0Ap
RT @johndelizondo: Look who is coming to San Antonio next weekend.... @RamblersMBB #SisterJean		One down. Three more to go. https://t.co/gN…
RT @marchmadness: Sister Jean is geared up for the #FinalFour!		#MarchMadness #OnwardLU https://t.co/gn76uzUtth
I need a selfie with #SisterJean!!! @RamblersMBB.	 #MarchMadness #RoadToSanAntonio
@DavidCaltabiano Watching Friends or The West Wing https://t.co/urlmlcdlYj
RT @FinalFour: Presenting the 2018 #FinalFour court! https://t.co/0GYSkaz6Vv
IN SISTER JEAN WE TRUST #MarchMadness
"The President has asked Gen. McMaster to stay on until mid-April to ensure a smooth transition and Gen. McMaster has agreed," a White House official say.
President Trump: "General McMaster’s leadership of the National Security Council staff has helped my administration accomplish great things to bolster America’s national security....I thank General McMaster and his family for their service and wish them the very best.”
Gen. H.R. McMaster : “After thirty-four years of service to our nation, I am requesting retirement from the U.S. Army effective this summer after which I will leave public service."
BREAKING: National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster will be replaced by former UN Ambassador John Bolton. Bolton will start on April 9.
RT @CamillaR_TV: #BREAKING: Exclusive details- In a big raid, DEA in coordination with Seguin PD, has arrested 19 people today in connectio…
RT @RSantosTV: Authorities are still on scene at FedEx sorting facility in Schertz were package exploded yesterday @News4SA @KABBFOX29 http…
BREAKING: Mark Conditt left a nearly 25 minute voice message detailing how he put together multiple bomb devices. Described seven devices, all have been accounted for.
RT @zhedrickTV: BREAKING: A jury has found Shaun Puente GUILTY of capital murder
RT @RSantosTV: #EXCLUSIVE: Mark Conditt, the Austin bombings suspect, used the alias "Kelly Killmore" to ship package bombs, according to s…
RT @Austin_Police: Investigators have detained two roommates of the Austin bombing suspect. One roommate was detained, questioned and relea…
Happy birthday @RSantosTV! Thank you for being such an incredible mentor during my internship. Throwback to the day we inadvertently matched! https://t.co/lT4ycnWejn
That team member has been treated and released, per a spokesperson for St. David’s South Austin Medical Center. https://t.co/ar7NXIODbH
RT @FBISanAntonio: #Breaking #FBI responding with @Austin_Police  to a reported explosion in 9600 block of Brodie Ln in south Austin.  EMS…
RT @ATFHou: ATF, @FBI &amp; @Austin_Police confirm that two packages located at two separate FedEx facilities in Austin/San Antonio area on 3/2…
RT @FedEx: Our statement on the incidents in Texas: https://t.co/RXBdu7vzqk https://t.co/rYQFkkkwYU
JUST IN: SAPD now says that Chief McManus MISSPOKE earlier about a second device at the Schertx FedEx facility.
@randybeamer and @delainemathieu will anchor LIVE coverage from Schertz with additional LIVE coverage from Austin tonight at 5 on @News4SA.
The most San Antonio thing to ever happen 😂😂😂 https://t.co/WebAKZH74D
Went to the zoo and Japanese Tea Gardens today during class because I’m an adult. https://t.co/UbzdoXZyg4
RT @AshleiKing: FIRST LOOK: This is the hole left behind from the bomb. Investigators just cleared the scene moments ago. #AustinBombings h…
@AdamKing_News @spurs  https://t.co/ssvHFvbkED
@chief_manley says APD has not yet processed the post-blast scene but it’s possible this explosion was set off by a trip wire. They are working under the belief that all the explosions are connected. Police are asking residents in the neighborhood to stay inside until 10 AM.
A St. David’s South Austin Medical Center spokesperson confirms the hospital has two male patients from Sunday’s explosion. Both are in good condition.
@NewsAlertHQ This month.
BREAKING: Austin officials are working a possible fourth explosion. Waiting to get more information. https://t.co/X0e6Ze09g0
Austin Police Chief Brian Manley says the reward for tips leading to an arrest in the package bomb explosions has been raised to $100,000. Governor's office still offering  $15,000. 		https://t.co/M1vfz3T2AP
@DavidCaltabiano I’m not mad, just disappointed. https://t.co/ce3CqVLEa3
RT @johndelizondo: #MarchMadness depicted in one image https://t.co/j7ODJsCS16
@AliciaNicole_tv @zhedrickTV @EmilyBaucum @DavidChancellor BEST. SCENE. EVER.
@AliciaNicole_tv @zhedrickTV @EmilyBaucum @DavidChancellor  https://t.co/JgmjfxLQFo
UPDATE: Officials tell us there is an all clear. https://t.co/hU5uNowMO2
JUST IN: San Antonio Police and Fire are investigating a "suspicious package" on the city's west side. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
Just minutes after being fired by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Andrew McCabe says his firing is "part of this Administration's ongoing war on the FBI and the efforts of the Special Counsel investigation." https://t.co/g6xHB31ZtA
Bracket busted #RIP #MarchMadness
BREAKING: San Antonio businessman Tom Benson has died at age 90, according to a spokesperson for the New Orleans Saints and Pelicans.
And the madness begins!! #MarchMatness #Road2SanAntonio https://t.co/JEC8MIOIdd
RT @johndelizondo: Disappointed the bracket hasn’t been leaked yet. Internet you are failing us. #SelectionSunday
It’s @AdamKing_News birthday! Not to give away his age, but the gif speaks volumes. Enjoy your day! https://t.co/1RXsuPdFLx
RT @quixem: Happy birthday @AdamKing_News enjoy your pre-Stephen Curry year https://t.co/JSLHNNDhM4
Me when I woke up and looked at my clock this morning #GiveMeMyHourBack https://t.co/CDsLfdPVHJ
Woj has spoken. https://t.co/EczUDsuAz0
RT @MattSeedorff: Our first look inside the sinkhole at the entrance of the cave https://t.co/Lg6RxK9vow
BREAKING: Emergency crews are trying to rescue an 18-year-old student who is trapped in a North Side cave. Fire Chief Charles Hood said it will take awhile to rescue her. @MattSeedorff will have the latest at 5 on @News4SA.	https://t.co/m6pJPWAbbe https://t.co/IctFyv8bkB
JUST IN: Bexar County Sheriff’s Office says the standoff has come to an end. The suspect is in custody and is injured. More information to come.
BREAKING: Bexar County District Attorney Nico LaHood has CONCEDED to Joe Gonzales. #SAVotes
Joe Gonzales has a nearly 11,000 vote lead over DA Nico LaHood, per early voting results. #SAVotes
There were 92,242 ballots cast in Bexar County during early voting. #SAVotes
The polls are now closed and the @News4SA and @KABBFOX29 teams have feed plenty of pizza! #SAVotes https://t.co/JfiayQCW1k
@MattSeedorff Original, Birthday and Mint!
@MattSeedorff  https://t.co/qddKR3B51k
Sen. Thad Cochran (R-Mississippi) will resign his Senate seat on April 1 due to his health which he calls an “ongoing challenge.” Cochran was elected to the Senate in 1978 after serving three terms in the House.
What.....what is this? https://t.co/ZxWp41FCH4
@quixem @___maryssa  https://t.co/H732S5cj7v
JUST IN: The three escaped inmates have been apprehended at Blanco and Norwood. SAPD Chief McManus is en route there now. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
UPDATE: Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has updated the number to THREE escaped inmates. @News4SA @KABBFOX29 https://t.co/ZszadJzlgm
BREAKING: Police are searching for two men who escaped the Bexar County jail. Officials say those men are in a white, 4-door Mercury or Chrysler being driven by a women. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
RT @UnivHealthSys: That terrible day and its aftermath affected so many in our community and beyond. Listen to the story from some of the p…
RT @zhedrickTV: If you’re not outside right now, you’re missing somethin’ beautiful https://t.co/HrL2s3fsd4
RT @MattSeedorff: The sheriff says the deputies involved are emotionally shaken up, but physically alright.  They’ve been placed on paid ad…
Sheriff Salazar says two deputies opened fire after a suicidal man leveled a shotgun at them. The suspect was shot twice in the upper torso and once in the lower body. He is now in stable condition at University Hospital.
RT @MattSeedorff: UPDATE: Our camera recorded one woman in handcuffs.  Expecting more details from authorities in a few minutes https://t.c…
RT @MattSeedorff: Just arrived to scene. Hearing reports of an officer involved shooting. Still haven’t confirmed https://t.co/Y0etgWV1bS
DEVELOPING: A 17-year-old is in serious condition after being shot in the head at a community park in Converse. Police say they believe there was some sort of altercation over a package. The suspect is still on the run.
Obviously the red pair with hamburgers! #SocksBySeedorff https://t.co/32QEs02Sm5
RT @AshleiKing: Playing @hqtrivia is becoming our 8pm ritual. Despite having 5 phones, we only made it to the 3rd question tonight...we nee…
BREAKING: Edgewood ISD Superintendent Emilio Castro has been placed on paid leave pending an investigation into “harassment allegations” made against him. An independent investigator has been hired to look into the allegations, @DavidCaltabiano reports.
BREAKING: Northwest Vista College has issued an emergency alert due to a possible bomb threat on their campus. Students have been told to evacuate RedBud, Huisache Hall &amp; Boardwalk. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
@quixem @DavidCaltabiano I don’t think you’d be interested David.....Pizza and milk really don’t mix too well
@quixem And @Whataburger for keeping @DavidCaltabiano, Paco and I going through breaking news
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO @DavidCaltabiano, our photographers Paco and Mario, our producers @EvanneRobinson and @ChelsSantiTV, our editors @Atom_chopper_tv and David, our anchor @DarianTrotter and my desk partners @quixem and @___maryssa for all their hard work on breaking news today!
UPDATE: SAPD Chief McManus says this was not a random shooting. Two of those transported to the hospital have life-threatening injuries. The 6-year-old was shot in the leg and expected to be okay. A suspect is still on the run. @News4SA @KABBFOX29
BREAKING: A 6-year-old and three others were transported to the hospital after a shooting in front of a Texas Roadhouse. More on @News4SA after the #Olympics	https://t.co/LfUGQtKiM1
@Hannah_Trippett @___maryssa  https://t.co/vWx4xvUHjj
@quixem @DavidCaltabiano  https://t.co/ocrOtxEn55
In a statement, Edgewood ISD confirms they are investigating “harassment allegations” made against their superintendent. A report is now being prepared for the Board of Managers. @KABBFOX29 @News4SA https://t.co/0IpIRLrgIQ
Great stories from @EmilyBaucum (https://t.co/QI7ZpRm6vE) and @DavidCaltabiano (https://t.co/e8cEilOQk2) last night.
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 #Olympics  #USA https://t.co/kzKp1tfZYp
BREAKING: A jury has awarded Julie Mott's family $8 million after her body went missing from Mission Park Funeral Home in 2015, @zhedrickTV reports.
@MattSeedorff @quixem What did Quixem do this time? 🤔
Mitchell Chang, a 3-year-old who was found unresponsive in the deep end of a pool last night, has died, the Medical Examiner's office confirms. @AdamKing_News has the latest on @News4SA at 5.
@MattSeedorff This needs to end. You already took @AdamKing_News to the dark side. https://t.co/ZixubKbXUr
@MattSeedorff  https://t.co/gI8G4LjcK2
This is the same person who was upset that I had never had Chipotle... Welcome to San Antonio? https://t.co/aB31Vd4XYN