RT @Governor_LePage: I’ve signed off on the CD2 election result as it’s no longer in federal court. Ranked Choice Voting didn’t result in a…
RT @INDOPACOM: At Exercise Keen Sword 19, 280 #JGSDF #paratroopers became the first in Japan to jump from a @USAirForce C-130J Super Hercul…
RT @azcentral: WATCH: The night was dark the screen lit up and what movie began to roll as thousands of migrants  traveling to U.S. in the…
is optimistic that Republicans will hold on to every Senate seat that is up, including Nevada and Arizona, and gain North Dakota, Missouri, Florida, resulting in a 54-46 majority.
gained a whole new respect for the junior senator from &amp; former attorney general of Alaska. The state has two Republican senators, both represent the same constituency. The only difference is one is advocating for the right to legally murder the defenseless children in the wombs.
RT @ShannonBream: BREAKING:  Fox’s @johnrobertsFox obtains letter from Ford ex-boyfriend alleging:  dated for 6 yrs, never told of sex assa…
evidence standard. Then below that is the preponderance of the evidence standard. According to experienced sex crime prosecutor Rachel Mitchell’s report today, Dr. Ford’s case doesn’t even meet the preponderance of the evidence standard.
died year 13th in prison while serving his 25-year sentence. He was exonerated later posthumously. His criminal conviction had to satisfy the beyond a reasonable doubt standard. For those who aren’t lawyers, below the beyond a reasonable doubt standard is the clear and convincing
urges those who went into this with no partisan motive and an open mind and are ready to convict judge Kavanaugh to take a step back and reflect. Texas Tech student Tim Cole was convicted of rape after his fellow Texas Tech student Michelle Mallin identified him as her rapist. He
RT @SenateGOP: “I am so grateful to have had Brett Kavanaugh as a colleague. He was always supportive, and strong, and caring, and someone…
RT @realDonaldTrump: NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses,…
RT @senorrinhatch: Dems: Dr Ford deserves a hearing!	Republicans: Let’s have a hearing!	D’s: Bullies! This hearing is a sham! 		D’s: We nee…
RT @senjudiciary: “The correspondence by Robert Carlson, President of the American Bar Association...was not received by the American Bar A…
RT @senorrinhatch: Today's hearing begins: 		☑️ 11 days after Dr. Ford's story was published in the Washington Post	☑️ 21 days after the cl…
RT @senorrinhatch: Valuable flashback from then Chairman Biden, presiding over Clarence Thomas's confirmation hearings, on the role of FBI…
RT @senorrinhatch: These official letters from the 4 named by Dr Ford—denying any knowledge of what Dr Ford has alleged— serve the same pur…
RT @senorrinhatch: Worth noting that this is exactly where we were on Monday morning— without agreeing to a date, time, and terms we are no…
RT @SenBobCorker: After learning of the allegation, Chairman @ChuckGrassley took immediate action to ensure both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanau…
says let’s confirm judge Kavanaugh and let Mark Judge and his family resume their lives with peace. The time for any investigation was at least months if not years ago.
RT @senorrinhatch: The FBI does not do investigations like this. The responsibility falls to us. 		Chairman @ChuckGrassley has moved our co…
RT @albertmohler: You can’t but be moved by this letter from President Ronald Reagan to his dying atheist father in law, Loyal Davis, plead…
Lawyers: commit crime at direction of client deserve disbarment; refuse to defend client’s arguably unconstitutional actions while continue to accept paycheck deserves scorn; threaten to resign instead of carrying out lawful but politically unwise orders by client deserves praise
is glad to read steps are being taken to denaturalize and deport 858 individuals. Who a Department of Homeland Security investigation in 2016 found had used different names to defraud USCIS into granting them citizenship. Even though they all had pending deportation orders.
heard separation of powers and interpret as written. That means judicial restraint. And that’s what should be. On another note, I predict justice Kavanaugh will get along with the chief justice most agreeably.
RT @BeschlossDC: Reagan announced his choice of Sandra Day O’Connor, first woman on Supreme Court, today 1981: https://t.co/boTD2vLgZA
RT @BoeingCEO: We just revealed a new hypersonic vehicle concept @AIAA Aviation – a	concept that one day could redefine aviation and connec…
RT @misslaneym: This is why Ocasio-Cortez won.		 https://t.co/FbWyvAJHOq
@juliehdavis free and fair??? Really???
RT @markknoller: Without declaring winner in PA-18th, @SpeakerRyan stresses both candidates are "pro-gun, pro-life, anti-@NancyPelosi conse…
thinks the world would be a much better place if NBC News Chief White House Correspondent @HallieJackson grows up and learns to report factual and original news like CBS News White House Correspondent @markknoller instead of retweeting a bunch of opinions!
RT @JimVertuno: Cruz's 615k votes (and counting) nearly twice what Beto has pulled (327k) so far ... just sayin' ...
wonders if the teachers and other school personnel who choose to engage the threats to protect students should enjoy sovereign immunity?
thinks if you are the parents who raise up such monsters as the one whose public post calling a sitting US president “a f* piece of s*, you are part of the problem.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond.…
thinks the word irony would be insufficient to describe the story of Democrat California Assemblywoman Cristina Garcia, who has been at the forefront of #MeToo, squeezing and groping Daniel Fierro, male aide of fellow Assemblyman Ian Calderon.
says this is decent football!
likes people who are diligent, who do everything within their powers, and leave nothing that can be done today to tomorrow. Like the president who applied for a trademark on “Keep America Great” and filed paperwork to launch a re-election campaign the same week he was sworn in.