Media and millions must not elect the next president; it must be done by the people.
As a Presidential Candidate I caution all to step back a take a deep breath, refocus and go forward.  This Country is headed for a Civil war if something doesn't change.
@chrislhayes 	Evening,  I look forward to an invitation  , thanks
@chrislhayes 		I look forward to an invitation, thanks.
@VanJones68 	Morning, 	https://t.co/skG4wsJlZu	Look forward to sharing with you.		Pridgonforpresident@gmail.com
@maddow 	Morning,  look forward to hearing from you.	pridgonforpresident@gmail.com 	https://t.co/znjHKxfbZm
@chrislhayes morning, https://t.co/znjHKxfbZm,look forward to hearing  from you.
@wkamaubell 	PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2020
America is involved in at least 25 foreign conflicts.  While millions and billions of dollars are being spent on war, veterans go lacking in this country daily (The Vet must get).
House Democrats should Proceed with Pelosi, Produce a Platform, and Project towards Particular; anger must not share in this process.
Criticism only works when the critic is able to change,  for the good,  the behavior of criticized.
"A Reformer must not seek to get close to those he seeks to reform...."		Ghandi
Be always mindful of a man's method; for therein is a message.  The civil war was lost and some seek to bring the appearance of slavery again.   We must fight against the method and the man will dissolve himself. 		https://t.co/5Uz3nw0uNd
"Tyrants will always come; but as long as men die liberty and freedom shall always live.  So hold on to the Eye in the sky.  Love shall always rise above hate. "
I will continue to say Pass the Law police can't draw.
Leaders who have no answers will always use deceit as an art form.  The Soul of this Nation is at stake.
Irresponsible leadership is constantly being played out on the American political stage.
Pridgon for President 2020
OBAMA WAS NOT 10 OR 20 YEARS TO EARLY; Racism is always out of season.  We needed Obama to flush out The Donald Trumps of this world.   We must never second guess ourselves.   We are right and they are wrong.  @JoyAnnReid
Though we may not lay blame to President Trump for the racism in this Country,  we can blame him for the uprising of it during his tenure as President.
Join the "We Stand  United" campaign.
We will rebuild Puerto Rico during the Pridgon Administration.
The soul of this Nation is at stake.  Join the "United We Stand" campaign.  #pridgonforpresident
Acts of racism must be used to empower the community that was hurt by its viciousness.   There is no empowering by Starbucks to this community, only payouts. This is why it continues to occur.
Teaching individuals to tolerate individuals will never resolve the issue of racism.  True repentance is paying the true debt for sin.  Sensitivity training is another cushion, not the resolution or solution to racism.
Ethnocentrism is the twin to racism.  And having a conversation without the leadership to stop it, is only another conversation.
The President said, "...if you can't stand for the National Anthem maybe you shouldn't be in this Country. "  	Ethnocentrism as always been and will always be a Nations worst enemy.
Puerto Rico is still in ruins, Jorge Carcia was deported, still dieing in Chicago, school shootings ongoing and White House gone wild.  America it's time to make a change and we are the people we can do it.		Pridgon for President 2020
Women which have never held a political office are asked what makes  them qualified. Politics is not the preeminence for leadership.  Woman have been great administrators all their lives.		1. Managing budgets	2. Caring for children 	3. Managing husbands	4. Careers		Such qualify
B. F. Skinner says all behavior is learned behavior.   Government  solves problems through war, policemen solve problems with guns.  Now our children have resolved to this behavior.    Sadly, it will take time to reverse this psychological behavior. No panacea, unfortunately.
Join the "We Stand United" campaign.
The next President of this country must know how to lead this Nation beyond  political quagmire   The democratic congress and Senate  must stop limiting it's potential on what  Is done by the GOP.  Enough excuses Democrats.  Lead beyond the red line.
RT @prdgn2020: We are:	1. Country in Crisis 	2. Democracy in Dilemma 	3. State of Union in State of Uncertainty 		The time has come  for a…
RT @prdgn2020: WE MUST HAVE A LEADER WHO WILL PROTECT OUR CHILDREN  AND NOT PLAY PANCAKES WITH POLITICS.
We have had career politicians and business men to lead this country and it is in shambles; it is time to give a different leadership an opportunity. Join the "WE STAND UNITED" campaign  (Pridgon for President 2020).
Amazed I am at those who have served as career politicians and seem to have all the answers and can't stop the killings in Edgewood and Fuller Park (Pridgon for President 2020).
As we are watching our Nation implode, join the "We Stand United"	campaign and together we will bring America to the forefront of leading the world (pridgon-for-president 2020).
Pridgon for President 2020
Psalm 27:14 https://t.co/zR3vx4EVJA
@JoyAnnReid 	Psalm 27:14
The solution to Global warming is scientific engineering; simple solution to a complex problem (Pridgon for President 2020).
Our prayers are with the Bush Family.
Incompetent leadership is very distrructive; sacrificing human life to cover ones own discretion  displays such incompetence.   War without diplomacy and congressional sanction displays incompetent leadership.
@NBCUniversal @Kaepernick7 @TalkStoop Morning,  hope all is well.  I am Rev. Pridgon and Presidential candidate for the 2020 election.   May I please ask for a contract for Mr. Kaepernick.  Thanks and look forward to hearing from you.
We have protest in the streets by Educators, walk outs and marches by our youth, gun violence all over this land, a White House in chaos, and the circling of wagons by our enemies. How long America must this be our epitaph?	We are a leading nation without a Leader.  Immigrants?
Peace is the only way and this Nation must seek it.  War is not the answer and guns are the the solution.   Peace and nonviolence is the only way.   We must live ...peaceably with all men if possible. Romans 12:18
"If my people, who are called by my name, shall humble themselves pray, and seek my face, I will hear from heaven and forgive their sins and heal their land."                                              II  chronicles 7:14		SAY WHAT YOU WILL, AMERICA BEST START PRAYING.
We must pray for this Nation and our citizens.   May the grace of God cover this country.  We ask Mercy upon YouTube Headquarters  and life for those wounded.
@maddow On February 7, 2017, Representative Thomas Massie (R-KY) introduced H.R. 899, a bill to abolish the department. Massie's bill, which is one sentence long, states, "The Department of Education shall terminate on December 31, 2018."[24]
Again, legislation mist be pass to prevent Officers from drawing their weapons at random. 		Pass the law police can't draw...		Pridgon for President 2020
@FletcherWCTV https://t.co/4YHRoBRfWA
@FletcherWCTV https://t.co/mzLJ9RChrU
@FletcherWCTV Morning,  please forgive my late reply.   My contact information:	pridgonforpresident@gmail.com 	Twitter: @pdgn 	Contact: 678-986-1436		Thank you Mr. Fletcher Keel
@MSNBC This country will demonstrate our irresponsibility if we arm Educators.
@MSNBC School shootings  have become a fixture staining the domestic fabric of this Nation. The solutions are	1. Each state must pass legislation to prevent these atrocities 	2.  A 2 mile radius check zone is provided  and a no walk premise upon school property, metal detectors.
@maddow @JoyAnnReid @TheRevAl  Presidential  Leadership must not be politically focused only; the issues facing this Nation are more serious than may be fathomed. Humanitarian  leadership has not been welcomed since Kennedy and King.  May you help shape the next President.
Pridgon for President 2020		Money  must not be the factor when it comes down to the leader of the free world.   Having real solutions to the problems facing this nation must be.		Pridgon for President 2020
Pridgon for President 2020
RT @PhilipRucker: Remarkable statement from Tillerson spokesman: Sec State wanted to stay in his job, was “unaware of the reason” for his f…
RT @prdgn2020: @amjoyshow  treason and tyranny are the moving undercurrents.   We must see this as the plot.  Over throwing the government…
RT @prdgn2020: Real leaders come sparingly; they surface during the most difficult periods.  They are so common until overlooked.
Could it be that this  presidential administration is working towards a Russian administration.  This nation is in serious trouble.
Pridgon for President 2020
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you different is the greatest accomplishment."		                          Ralph Waldo Emerson
I am always amazed as to how individuals , so swiftly, float from one issue to another.  For these reasons  things are rarely accomplished in our government.   My grandmother would have called this being "scattered brained".  We must have a focused leadership in 2020.
RT @KamalaHarris: Yesterday I introduced legislation to commission a statue of Shirley Chisholm. Her legacy is one that encourages us to ke…
RT @KamalaHarris: We must continue to fight to defend and expand the progress made for women’s rights and reproductive health in the face o…
RT @KamalaHarris: Even though these times require us to resist, we are not fighting against something. Here's what we're fighting for: 		✅…
Democrats the solutions to the NRA IS ECONOMICS.
The method by which you bring the NRA to change views on weapons is through economics.
RT @SenFeinstein: An assault weapons ban was in place for 10 years. Republicans allowed it to expire and we’ve been fighting to get it rein…
RT @SafetyPinDaily: Robert Mueller has not cleared Donald Trump's campaign staff of colluding with Russians   | Via Salon https://t.co/zf2i…
RT @prdgn2020: @amjoyshow 	Distractions are tools used in any battle to conquer the enemy.  Democrats must refocus upon the only strength w…
WE MUST HAVE A LEADER WHO WILL PROTECT OUR CHILDREN  AND NOT PLAY PANCAKES WITH POLITICS.
We must have the VOTE:	VISION 	OPTIMISM 	TRUST	ENERGY 		PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2O20
We must not allow the legacy of Barack Obama to become a name only.  Never forget that Dr. King's dream became a nightmare because of the racism. 		PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2O20
The problem with immigration is not entrance, it's economics.
RT @nytimes: Eric Holder's group, backed by Barack Obama, set targets to attack gerrymandering: Eclectic races in swing states and all-GOP…
The Leader of America must be for the common; we must retire our seniors at 65.		Pridgon for President
We must have affordable child care for the working parents. 		PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2O20
Pridgon for President 2020
RT @prdgn2020: SAVE THE CHILDREN BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY,  SOMETIMES YOU MUST LOSE TO GAIN.		PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2O20
@AliVelshi https://t.co/znMm4gD1Gu
We must not use our energy to assault those who work against the ranks of our hopes; it is at the ballot box where we must make our voices heard.
SAVE THE CHILDREN BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY,  SOMETIMES YOU MUST LOSE TO GAIN.		PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2O20
RT @JoyAnnReid: The Republican congress did the same thing to community health centers that they did to CHIP: let the funding lapse months…
RT @ImagineWorldas1: ⚠️New: Republican Pennsylvania lawmaker Cris Dush is pushing to impeach the 5 Democratic state justices who found the…
RT @KamalaHarris: There's not a left and right when it comes to DACA. Frankly, I think there's a wrong and a right. Period. https://t.co/am…
RT @MaddowBlog: Are Republican leaks and releases designed to give the Trump team a heads up about evidence in the investigations against t…
RT @MSNBC: White House says Pres. Trump is focused on 'long-term economic fundamentals' as the Dow is set to take another major slide after…
RT @nytimes: Opinion: "All of this would be manageable if key policymakers could be counted on to act effectively. Which is where I get wor…
In the Gettysburg Address there are 3 words which should be the the epitome of our efforts.  They are the words ... the unfinished work.... On these words we must continue to focus.
As a Presidential candidate I am convinced common citizens hold the solutions to repairing this broken state of American affairs.
RT @politico: “I believe folks are asking of ... their candidate—when you’re in that position, will you remember people like me? ... Or am…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Unreal... https://t.co/uCERkw2giD
RT @KamalaHarris: If you want to run for office — run. Get involved. Identify issues you're passionate about, whether that's fighting the i…
RT @MaddowBlog: Out of all the people in the world, why did the Trump campaign pick Carter Page? (and George Papadopolous, and Mike Flynn,…
RT @AliVelshi: “Freedom is a light for which many men have died in darkness” - inscription on the Tomb of the Unknown Revolutionary Soldier…
RT @linda_wed1: #TheResistance https://t.co/3YPED2YUOn
@Lawrence https://t.co/9QELawLny8
RT @MaddowBlog: Any one of the daily Trump scandals would derail a normal presidency, but in this one it's par for the course. https://t.co…
We are:	1. Country in Crisis 	2. Democracy in Dilemma 	3. State of Union in State of Uncertainty 		The time has come  for a strong Leadership to bring America out of the political wilderness.  		Vote Pridgon for President 2020
@REnsslin has/ms. as
@REnsslin Our world is in a state if crisis, without the church there will be no state.  The present administration as demonstrated the most sinful act of humanity,  the display of hatred towards human beings.   Your right to believe I respect; therefore respect my right , thank you.
RT @RevJJackson: Don't miss out! There's still time to register for the @WallStreetProject Economic Summit THIS WEEK (February 7-9, 2018) a…
America needs a Leader and not another Resume'.
Real leaders come sparingly; they surface during the most difficult periods.  They are so common until overlooked.
We - For - By		Pridgon For President 2020
@TheRevAl 	We need:	1. Dreamers not political schemers 	2. DACA to be a S.H.O.C.K.A	3. C.H.I.P get on voters SHIP	4. Immigration for the Nation 		( PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2020
@amjoyshow 	Distractions are tools used in any battle to conquer the enemy.  Democrats must refocus upon the only strength we have,   THE BALLOT.  To defeat this administration it must be done with the BALLOT.
@amjoyshow  treason and tyranny are the moving undercurrents.   We must see this as the plot.  Over throwing the government is a present reality. Democrats must B.A.T.T. ( PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2020).
Democrats up to B.A.T.T		BALLOT 	ASSURED 	TO	TRIUMPH 		PRIDGON FOR PRESIDENT 2020
Democrats our message:	WE - FOR -BY 		Democrats our method 	EQUALITY THROUGH ECONOMICS		Democrats our mission 	...THE UNFINISHED WORK. ..		( PRIDGON  FOR  PRESIDENT 2020 )
Please join the:		WE -  FOR - BY  Campaign 	We the people	For the people 	By the people 		Pridgon for President 2020
Immigration for the Nation	Hate doesn't Validate	Dreamers not political schemers	DACA must be the S.H.O.C.K.A	C.H.I.P. board voters SHIP