Don't fuck with Google it's the best phone on the market and I only want Google apps!!!!@@@
Watch out there's a GMO superbug in dope their living on the streets for people to find.
It's the Senate that makes laws and judicial that enforces laws.
Why does the government spend money to help out on terrorist states have schools and good roads ,but they won't be a big brother to Mexico?
The future of America is in Jeopardy!	The future of America is in the schools, and a lot of kid's can't read or write. No Child Left Behind has left behind so many kids!
The future of America is in school to day! You think America would invest more in schools?
The Crooked branch of government, the Digicel branch is having the cops do their monthly quotas. Thay busing people to meet their quotas! They're scamming citizens of their constitutional rights a plea deal is nothing but a scam to scam citizens out of the constitutional rights.
Lalibela oldies Church in Jesus Christ.
@CNN Have you thought about school cops?
Tell me the truth aren't kids lives more important than the Second Amendment?
@cnnbrk Go ahead and smoke yourself retard you ain't hurting nobody!
@JTMYVA What did they do gang rape?
The NRA is a terrorist Association supporting baby killers.
Beautiful women will try to talk to you but they're probably a scam.
Criminals love the NRA!
Whatever the reason if you give a kid a gun your baby killer!
The people that give kids guns nothing but baby killers!
They could make it a felony to give a kid a gun!
Look at what's going on since prayer left school!
Another NRA supported school shooting!
Watch out there's a new virus  in dope supplies!
@USArmyEurope @USAGAnsbach @USArmy Loose lips sink ships public information is easy to see what you're up to?
China makes electronics that probably have a back door into every electronic.
The founding fathers that wrote the Constitution are probably turning over in their graves on what the Crooked judges of this land are doing!
@TheEconomist How many take a oath office to defend the Constitution then do unconstitutional plea deals?
Every judge that takes the oath to uphold the Constitution is guilty of treason that writes off on the plea bargain. Is it unamerican you judge?
The courts are guilty of treason by not going by the Constitution,     plea-bargaining and throwing away	Citizens rights!
They the judges and the lawyers and the DA's of America want fro the constitution in the garbage with the Bill of Rights and civil rights , from the Constitution the garbage the judge is giving a payoff to the cops to meet their quotas!	Unamerican not to go by construction!
GOD bless America and Israel!
I believe in Jesus h Christ!
I think Gun Company should pay restitution just like cigarette, companies have to pay restitution for all the people that they killed.
Jesus is GOD!
Happy pi day 3.14 https://t.co/gz7iL57IJg
@USMarineCorps Sea-dog's
Terrorist rifles are ilegal to hunt with so they must be planning something against the government that's why they're buying so many?
https://t.co/jqGLh70RuU
Who come the NRA like terrorist rifle?
Terrorist rifles are not hunting rifles🤕
I guess Hunters have rights if it's it illegal to hunt with it should be illegal for a citizen to have and make it a felony🤕
No more guns🤕