If there ever was an alien invasion, I'd trap them here on Earth and subject them to all our emotional "limitations", which represents the order of the cosmos anyway. 		If that "were" to happen.
#PePePeWeBoateng the #LightSkinndedAfrican has a #Message about #nosy #ass #neighbors 		#inspiration #selfHelp #motivation #innerWisdom #humor #humour… https://t.co/xOpVoT4vdN
Please pray for my nosy ass upstairs neighbors, who've been following us around from room to room because they have no lives of their own. 		They may be resurrected as Dogs as determined by their behavior. Or perhaps the process may start sooner....
#relationship #advice from #youngAncient 		#comedy #skit #satire #funny #character #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/nGnQiHkhdV
The young Lady who kicked off this rally set it off! Crazy seeing these kind of speeches at presidential rallies. https://t.co/zS4K2Q1F3E
I don't buy into this philosophy that Men are expendable either. Not all all. To seperate a Mother or Father from their son is horrible, no matter how old or young they are. ALL life is valueable. You want to change the World? Start with living that mantra. ALL life is valueable.
How you treat the Mother of your child will have resounding and everlasting effects on that child. We must do away with misogyny, for the future of this planet. How we treat Mother Earth is a metaphor for our treatment of Women.
I'm a war baby, born out of domestic assault and racism. 		I do sometimes have a very angry, violent temperament, but I'm able to funnel it into productive activities that heal. 		I've spent my entire life protecting the Black Woman that means the most to me.
If someone like Magneto were to exist in reality, and carried out attacks with massive losses of life, he would be considered a superstar in our society, let's be real. There would be cults dedicated to him. Imagine losing your family member to him, and being virtually powerless.
Ive seen visions of alternate realities where those gifts are abused. Not pretty at all. Just seeing those visions brought actual physical pain and short-term mental deficiency to me. It's not like a comic book or a sci-fi novel. The stakes are real.
I'm simply a Man blessed with some miraculous evolutionary gift. I'm here to simultaneously learn about it and spread knowledge about it as more people gain it.		 You got my back, I got yours.
I know I could be in a much more prominent position in terms of money-making, but some things had to be sorted out first. Spending unecessary time stressing about it is counter-intuitive. God works on time.
I'm dilligent in finding and applying new, creative ways to send and share the energy I carry with me to people who practice good morals and also to sites of worship and sites  of revolution that brought peaceful change to humankind.
People who aren't doing good collapse in my presence every time. Body slumps, posture falls, they slip, they stumble, they put their head to the ground. It doesn't matter how big, intimidating or ruthless they are. I could easily use that as an opening to attack, but nah...
Be careful that a search for justice doesn't evolve into a witch hunt. An innocent Man or Woman has every right to flip the tables and hunt back. Gossip is not evidence.
Question to @KillerMike 		If you were presented with a Black Jesus that wasn't dark skinned and had interests that extended outside what is normally considered "Black", would you accept him?
Like when I picture Jesus flipping the table, I picture him booting that table mid sentence like "muthaf**ka do you think this is a joke!!?" Obviously not in words, but definitely in body language.
The thing that's frustrating about the Bible is you have very little context. Things such as tone of voice and posture are lost. There's a certain swagger that poor people carry in the face of adversity that you rarely see or hear in depictions.
If I were to write the character of #Jesus on the #TvShow #Lucifer I'd approach it from a "different" perspective. 		#Tv #Cable #Writing #Drama #CharacterStudy #Love #TheManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/peffYt1fPy
If I were to cast Jesus in that Lucifer show, I'd have him as a hood n**ga that strong arms or  extorts Lucifer when he leasts expects it. Have Jesus bust into his club with goons like "Oh, you thought this was YO CLUB?! Nah son!!!"
When people who've slandered you behind your back finally realize that the person they slandered is now gaining the advantage, it's fun to expedite the process, but ignoring them as they frantically search for a way out is even more fun. #EyeForAnEye
6 figures for a social media post? 		And all this crap about what hard work will get you. Don't wanna hurt those fingers now!!
I swear if I hear someone use the word "Pagan". 		Sounds like "pay again", like some tax scheme used against indigenous people to get them to relinquish their freedom by coercion. 		Who uses that word in 2019?
I pay my respect to myself by keeping my body (mostly) healthy, and my mind focused on things I need to do in a practical time frame, with radical ways of approaching these goals, that spark my creativity and keep the wheels of progress moving forward. #Sankofa
The Ancestors are like our Angels, to pay respect to them acknowledges the hard work they put in. I pay my respect to God and the Ancestors. God is the faith that moves the process forward that the Ancestors started.		#Ase
If God exists, why is there bad in the World? 		Because we f**ked up.
Most of the trickster Gods and Godesses put on acts like that make you think they're either stupid, under the influence of drugs/alcohol or insane, which is different from how they're usually portrayed.
To obtain skills, one must be taught. 		The more skills one has, the more grateful one should be.
As #BlackHistoryMonth ends I #sing one of my favorite #ProBlack #Revolutionary #Anthems #BobMarley #Reggae #Jamaica #Afro #Carribean #Black #African #History #Legend of #Music #Icon… https://t.co/6kEgHiWFbu
I'm proud to be Black, Blessed to be Black and glad to be alive, by the grace of God. 		Ase
Took the last tweet down because I shouldn't waste time on a coward. I know better.
Some of these demagogues have the nerve to say that White people just take things "lesser cultures" make and "refine" them......		ORLY?!
The worst racists are the ones who secretly try to compete with, copy, and one-up Black people, while harboring jealousy and resentment for us. They want to be in the Black Man's or Black Woman's shoes so bad.
You got that yacht. 		I got this little $19 MP3 Player. 		Bet I get more joy from this MP3 player than you do that yacht!!
Ain't a single social status in the World a human being can have that can keep said human being from communicating with someone else. You want to be my friend? Keep it real with me.
I used to fantasize about becoming rich and then romantically "pulling" an around the way girl into my World. I got older and realized how stupid that is.
I don't vibe well with most rich people. Why? Because so many rich people don't know when to take their money, live comfortably and shut up. 		 You've made it! Now leave the rest of us alone and let us get our money. 		I know it's not that simple, but is it?
Stop treating precocious children like they are adults. We have too much of a history of that, right down to crowning Kids as young a 8 years old as a King. It's also unfair to other kids. The goofy, playful kid might have a better grip on the weight of emotions than them.
Chicago is about to have a Black female Mayor. Chicago, IL. Chi-ca-go! A Black Woman will be running the city of Chicago. Oh this a cause to celebrate.
Those who go against the flow of sexual energy in sick sexual deviation will be pulled under. 		Note: Not to be confused with loving bedroom play or kinks. It's up for interpretation, but if your intuition is strong, you know right from wrong.
Those who conserve sexual energy can wield it and change the nature of it at the greatest intensity, effectiveness, and frequency. 		Those who block the natural flow of sexuality will be eventually flooded by it's waters, with the exception of asexual people
All this bulls**t because I refuse to give into temptation 		Like I'm the f**king bad guy. Pfft
She tries to do the most despicable sexual s**t to make me feel envious and sends it to me via psychic imagery, with this facial expression like a crackhead struggling to take a s**t. I hate to put her on blast, but I'm tired of this s**t.
If the blunt object doesn't work, they'll understand the other usage of the Oxe, or double-sided axe. Whatever is necessary to put a pervert down
I catch somebody doing it in a public place, even if it's a friend of mine, I'm whopping somebody ass, taking a blunt object and knocking them out mid-stroke #FamilyDollar
https://t.co/NmoHlwousD		"Mami also provides a spiritual and professional avenue for women to become powerful priestesses and healers of both psycho-spiritual and physical ailments and to assert female agency in generally male-dominated societies"
#Yemoja is to #MamiWata (or #LaSirène), as #Shango is to #PapaLegba
#NowPlaying #Classic #HipHop 		https://t.co/vDgDLrtTbS
I can't advocate for the unadvocatable, so if you ain't emotionally available to be advocatable, then you incapable and you need to break and go, pray or wait for a road but I promise you'll be waiting for a few lifetimes, maybe four (pronounced fo' if you ebonically challenged)
Big Mary can strip Little Mary of her power completely, which is what is happening, with help from Son. Little Mary has to gain approval from Big Mary to get it back. Or Little Mary can move to an area of the cosmos with no plant life and be immune to the #Amashaugbuntu #GoodLuck
#NowPlaying #Classic #HipHop 		https://t.co/oliGQ0tZRj
God is good.
I'm blessed to be Black. I'm proud to be Black.
My rendition of Kiss of Life by #Sade 		#Vocal #Practice #Singing #Soul #Relaxing #Feeling #Joy #Pain #Sorrrow #Hope and releasing it through #Sound #Music #Melody #Rhythm #Love… https://t.co/0SjeoghgSL
#NowPlaying 		https://t.co/eSlBWLWioO
https://t.co/8VtKLvYPrx
UMC, research the significance of the celestial sun and moon, because it's spirit is coming your way :)
Perform the g*ddamn marraiges and shut the f**k up. 		To countries in Africa, if you have to have soldiers with AK47's at weddings like Little Rock Central, do it. Kick every homophobe out the the continent of Africa, if they don't like, take they ass to Antartica. 		Pẹlẹ o
UMC - Prepare to get disciplined		:)
Moms put me on to this video, sharing a bit of #BlackHistory from #PuertoRico #LaBomba #Dance #African #Afro #Carribean #Spanish #Latino #History 		https://t.co/dHN7CiMdTX
#Singing #Love #Songs #MarvinGaye #Acapella #vocal #practice #soul #rnb #blues #uplifting #spirits #free yet #priceless #activity #livingLife #succeeding #prospering taking the time to… https://t.co/9s1rX158rF
lt's possible to be both intrigued and repulsed at the same time. Some people are hardwired to be attracted to decay. The study of decay is necessary in Science, especially medicine.		People like that are often mislabeled as morbid, morose and often feared. 		 #SantaMuerte
He hides his attraction to Men by sleeping with Woman after Woman. During sex, he secretly wishes to be the Woman he's pleasing, and he also secretely wishes a Man would please him in the same manner he does his Women. It's heartwrenching. Free yourself bro! 		🐙
I aint never been the type to judge at the end of the day.		I will spray a muthaf w some detergent tho. On some Stone Cold Steve Austin s**t, beer truck filled with Dawn, Tide, All, etc......
How do you beat a #Jezebel 		Ignore em. 		They'll laugh manically til the tears will be forced from their eyes. 		Post laugh, they'll break down, go through more and more outbursts of emotion. 		Ignore them more. Offer them a tissue out of respect every now and then.
#Jezebel is one of the most agressive bullies, hides it behind fake smiles and manipulative emotional outbursts. The kind of Woman that tries to provoke her Man to attack another Man, shaming him if he doesn't. She would probably laugh out loud reading this. Trumpette. #unfitMom
All this fear of emasculation and homosexuality? 		What's NOT more emasculating and homosexual than feeling like you have to compete with another Man's life?
Unfortunately, #Lazarus will suffer the same fate as #MaryMagdalene, except the consequences will be ridiculously poetic. I see visions of orderlies in a mental health facility restraining a Man who refuses to stop touching his member. 		I wouldn't work that shift.....		#jussayin
Her brother, #Lazarus is one of those sleazy, perverted, hide in the shadows intellectual bullies, blessed with a "weapon" of sorts, gets off on "takin yo b**ch", to prove his "alpha dominance" in the most cowardly way possible. Today he stalks Men he finds "threatening" 🦑 https://t.co/Z1to5ZHoF7
The last image is the most accurate depiction of #MaryMagdalene, and yes I know what you perverts are thinking. That shouldn't be on your mind at all. I don't give a f**k about that though. That's no excuse for a lack of morals, PERIOD!!! #jussayin
I wish this crazy b**ch would stop psych-stalking me, &amp; gain some courage and tell me whats on her mind, or she's going to die a slow, miserable death, not metaphorically. I'm going to prosper regardless. It will be sad, but I will have no choice but to live with it. 		#jussayin https://t.co/wjOfmwyqOl
I bind the spirit of humiliation in Jesus name!!!! #AMEN
People who deny climate change are stupidly evil in the worst way, like a villain in a Saturday Morning cartoon. LOL! Look at the rationale they use.		Use your intuition and catch their sniveling, whiny asses at every turn.		Call em out. 		Humiliate them		Discipline them. 		#ASE
A group of old White Men decided that were going to be the ones to influence all Global decisions. Today that is rapidly changing. We on the ground are the future. Holy Wars, Armageddon, end of times, is a psychological war between those who wish us to prosper vs those who don't
...from my last post. Why do you think crime is so high, robbery so high. It's not because of "the haters". Its because somehow, despite the fact that we share the World and its resources, a few people control and own nearly all of it. Did they earn it, or gain it through crime?
Success as determined by our culture: 		     - Make $$ for yourself	     - Make $$ to keep your family secure	     - Get property, status symbols, prestigious titles	     - If you happen to have $$ left, be charitable to "make the World a better place" to feel good,  if at all!
Cont from last post. Some would try to distort my last statement by saying that they do give their time and effort for a compassionate cause. I bet that only applies to a minuscule percentage. Who really joins big companies to make the World a better place? Let's be real! cont..
The problem with most corporate charity is that it still frames giving as "You want what I have", it doesn't promote a sense of true compassion and caring. You can raise anybody's mood by giving out money. You give time and effort? You raise motivation. 		Teach a Man to fish.
Places such as the Hamptons will eventually wane in popularity and will become like an outdoor campus for seniors.
Upscale clothing companies have co-opted the urban market for years. However, today, authenticity is just as important as value. Wearing an authentic Dashiki that costs $30, or even a cool handmade shirt that costs $25 will gain you the same attention as expensive status symbols.
I predict the demise for the culture of old money and all its trappings. Do you predict a large portion of youth today spending a significant time shopping at upscale boutiques?
Someone enters a space with the intent to have sex with someone they've never met before, watching other people to get lucky, waiting for their opportunity, so they can force their will on them. 		Why do we not call them a sexual predator?
All Womanizers/Players/Lotharios and their Female counterparts are essentially slaves. Sex with mulptiple partners runs their lives because they don't have the fortitude take the effort to learn about themselves. They take the easy route. 		#Gospel
#SpokenWord #Poetry and #Book #Readings at #BlackCoffeeBlackWords #SouthLoop #Chicago #Downtown #Black #Excellence #KickinIt #Community #Style #Love #Life #Art #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/xpshhuxOrV
All the s**t we went through in Black America, I wish a muthaf**ka would tell me I ain't welcome in the Motherland. "Guess when I heard that, when I was back home....." F**k you mean!
#Message from #theShaman 	#peace #Love #prosperity https://t.co/NCUoWLGcS1
Who is with me? https://t.co/EKbQc96Vqa
Notes on #raising #children from the #perspective of a Man hustling to make ends meet while healing.		 #Fatherhood has no universal blueprint. Being a father ain't always successes and… https://t.co/n7IR6UvAOR
IMO, Whenever I hear a Woman give out a laundry list of things they need in a Man, (and it's not in jest), in the back of my head I'm thinking she's unfit to be a Mother. That's someone that wants children purely for cosmetic reasons.
A Man who can't provide ______ isn't a good father? 		Perhaps, depending on needs.		A Woman who won't sacrifice to uplift someone she loves is setting a horrible precedent.......		What happens if she gives birth to a special needs child, or her husband becomes handicapped? 		Bye?
I would never treat a Woman like that. If she was doing something I had issues with, I'd be Man enough to tell her. If it didn't stop, I'd just leave her. If she needs help, I'd sacrifice my time. If my time is so valueable I can't sacrifice for her, why even THINK about her?
Regarding my last status. Why? 		The frail ego of White America. The need for White America to assert their superiority, and only help when it looks like they're in control will be the downfall of our country.
To be real, I see a future where Black people will live among White people, be prosperous, but will have very little interaction at all with each other.
...that kind of reaction creates the WORST form of motivation. Instead of motivating them to lift ones self up, you now have motivated them to use their sucess as a weapon AGAINST the other person or to isolate themselves from the other person when they reach that level. Not cool
...You might as well just call me "Boy", cause I'm being treated like one. You're telling me that your time is worth more than mine, you're superior to me. There's no equivocation with societal status and maturity. Money is not God, I repeat, Money is not God.
The way I feel about the last post evokes the same feeling I feel about White America's relationship with Black people. "We will leave them alone until they pull themselves up. If we see progress, we'll help." F**k the fact that they put them there....cont
"Depression is not an excuse. Just get up and go Man!!!!" 		Oh it's that easy huh? 		What if I told you that punching you in the face would make me less depressed. You really can't complain, becuase my fist "got up and went" towards your face. I'm following YOUR philosophy!
I'm a big fan of my environment. I love people too, but I love them more as they're passing by.
I ain't the sit around and talk about bulls**t type of person. I'll fall asleep in the chair. I prefer to get up and walk and talk about bulls**t. They say as a creative, I'm generally not interested in what you have to say, which is true, unless its interesting things, then...
I'm pretty much dismantling the ego of every genius in the World just using ebonics and public transit.
:)
Most of you gun ethusiasts are closet racists stocking up for a race war, and now you have the audacity to WHINE LIKE A B**CH that your guns are being taken
And she stays in a country where radical members of the KKK and other White supremacist organizations still hold positions of authority, including law enforcement. Lets get a dose of reality here..... https://t.co/bymM0MD5vr
I think this was unreleased...check it out		https://t.co/T3jmwvfv2V
#Chicago #Winter #Photography #Enhanced #Nature #City #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/ZrDdJxobm6
Ain't a single indpendent human being on Earth, everyone is lifting your ungrateful ass
The greedy ones have received their plates, many of them, now that the line has progressed, there's a change of food, and a it's different dish that's even better. 		Now the greedy ones want to turn around and get in the poor line? 		The f**k outta here. You had your share
If you rock w this, you are a hardcore Underground Chicago #HIPHOP head. From neighborhood festivals, community outreach pieces, dank ass venues ,or guerilla cyphers in abandoned lots to Youtube. Shout out to @ThaioneDavis &amp; @iomosmarad		https://t.co/lyGKcPdeiJ
IMO, corrupt Police aren't even Police to me, they're the Wolice, kinda like the Wario version of the Police.
They say don't date outside your income level. That works both ways. Why would I go out with someone whose income is way beyond mine, whose seen it all?
You need all these stipulations just to even talk to a girl nowadays. 		Their loss.
"Hit my plug to re up and he was like boop"		Get the wrong plug, the boop finally come in on the 11th album. Just silence, then on the 11th album, you hear "boop" outta nowhere. 		Damn plug it's like that?!
There ain't a single person on Earth who will believe the ish I went through. It's not even plausible by Science and has no evidence to prove it, other than my word. Funk it, I'll just dance it off.
She stays after me because I'm the only one capable of dominating her.
A knight in shining armor sounds good in fantasies, but a knight in dirty armor signifies that knight has gone through some real ish.
I don't fault the people who carried it out, they were following orders, being good soldiers. I just wish they'd express their grievances to the right people, send it up the chain of command, not the people. The ones who were wise enough to know better however.....
Someone was on the other side being drained while all these miraculous physical feats were being performed.
Next thing I know, I'll be walking in a city, and I'll run across a building that says "Segundent Corp". I probably won't be let inside either. Damn.
I will never use any of my miraculous gifts to gain a financial advantage. I refuse to. Nor will I use it for sexual conquest. Nor will I use it for violence against anyone. Call me stupid, but don't call me disloyal, and don't call me unjust.
Funk it, why not plan more around me? Why not make an entire organization in my name that I'll never see? Tell me nothing, but continue to profit off me, I'll just turn the other cheek, pick myself up and walk away.
When someone has lived their life by snatching someone else's opportunity, they're deciding that person is weak without even consulting with that person subsequently  destroying their spirit. What happens when Karma makes the scale tip?		Spiritual darwinism.
Nature will create a way to imprint DNA with a mechanism that prevents bad people from reproducing, a form of forced celibacy and sterilization.
Liberal white folk go the hardest in that strange game of getting me to "prove my Blackness" gtfoh		Oh I'm bilingual in Ebonics and English, I prefer Ebonics tho, cause ain't nobody got time for that shit
Embrace the warm melancholy of serenity :)
#throwback #HipHop 	 	Who remembers seeing this video on the box? 		https://t.co/4TDPrYv3uz
*Obsesses over the sound of a bassline and puts a song on hold for month because of it*  - #ProducerProblems
yo ass fall into the quantum zone
I'm somewhat of a futurist myself, but sometimes that new age metaphysics ish goes too far. If you're that deep in it where you think life is a computerized simulation, please walk through a forest or a park, you need to get some fresh air, on the real.
The last thing I remember was a text from #ColonizedLatinoJesus, "prophecizing" that "This is the last you'll ever hear from me", which in of itself is strange for an artist that wants exposure, but whatever. He was right, but now I 6th sense he wants something from me? WTF?
This @Twitter account is a compilation of my random thoughts. In know way is this "professional and business-like", nor do I want it to be. They call me Mista Dent, and I pretty much rap the way I talk anyway, so I guess you can say it's professional. Whatever.
jiterry Asian dude hopped his ass off the bus with the quickness...like "nope" God gave me a gift for you Kung-fu knowing mfers. I know how to lose a fight, but y'all don't know what I'm capable of, or how to describe my movement....
Real talk, Favela and LunchEnforcer gave me the "if you want us to beat the s**t out of bokohoe, let me know" look....#jussayin
Cartel enforcer dude was literally sitting with his hands in his lap like a lil schoolgirl, face in shock, backpack in his lap like a lunchbox		Brazilian favela looking dude all in the back grinning like a kid		this is all on the bus, in Evanston, the same damn bus.........
https://t.co/bgUJaDqEsU - Pay attention to the knee-pose. That pose is familiar eh?
I won't necessarily put these hands on my future kids, but I will occasionally splash em with a glass of ice water, stare and tell em it was for the ALS challenge, be silent, and just keep staring.....
Thou telleth me that ebonics ain't real dialect
https://t.co/lO03vGMSHN
The messed up things is that she don't even really look that crazy to me.... https://t.co/XsVw3le5Cm
I'm not tough. I'm a softie.
No matter how good your intentions are, and how bad the people are, you can't kill  judiciously and not expect redemption
Mentioning Nimrod gives me a bizarre feeling. Colorful streets, lanterns, cloths, masks, deserts, assassinations, two knives. Thank goodness I don't dwell too much on it. It feels off.
You just don't get on the bus in Evanston one day and see 10 people from different parts of the World who all look like they spike their drinks with gutter water
I want Chicagoans to notice the demographic changes on the EL as of recent...something is happening
A mfer w my level of power is working w the feds whether I want to or not 		#HappyValentinesDay2019
I wanted to tear bokohoe's head off for what he did to those girls, but my power forces the bad people to fall apart, trick on themselves, and become informants, so....
Come bad people of the World. Come with bad intentions to my presence and get humiliated on sight. 		Come all ye unfaithful and have your soul taken out your body 		Or....salvation. 		#HappyValentinesDay2019
All you really need to do beat the Joker is crowd around him and dance to jokes he doesn't find funny, every time he antes up, you go even harder, make it a game. 		every sociopath and psycopath has a weak spot. It's like bosses in video games.
....Btw, I did it on the bus. Some cartel enforcer lookin mfer sat behind him in fear, probably pee too.
Did I tell you about how I roasted the leader of #BokoHaram in Evanston? Took his stupid hat and dumped it in a vat of restaurant grease. Sat with this dumb ass psycopath look in his eyes the whole time. I swear he was peeing..
Now I've got a chorus of people mad at me for my personal decision/preference, trying to make up my mind for me, frustrated, should I co-sign their sttupidity or take them out the game so they can shut the hell up?
Person A won't budge on their position. Person B won't budge either. Whenever Person B engages in behavior that Person A dislikes, Person A gets disturbed, but receives the benefits from B. Eventually, B will be totally drained. Person A will have it all. Is A wrong?
As long as you get me one of those chocolate heart gift sets, so I can eat all the rum chocolates and leave the rest. https://t.co/pDIabg8uTi
I can move dark energy around. I noticed that there's not much interaction between the Middle East and Latin America. I'm no fan of psycopaths who use terror, whether its through a distorted version of Islam or drug cartels. Time to put the last two against each other....
I'm Black, not light skinned(ded), mulatto, creole, etc...BLACK 		I don't care what shade my skin is. 		Don't like, get yo Black ass off this mfin planet. 		Ase
@nowthisnews his eyes look like the kid on the opposing team who was gloating earlier, and now has to watch his team lose.....
Name a profession, or even a skill that isn't taught. 		I'll wait. https://t.co/Q74H90ocry
"Earth couldn't cut it. Damn. 		Aw well, there's a few trillion more we can work on		They had good food though"
Right now, Planet Earth is like "Ok cool, you know that I can blow this entire sphere from the center and end this conversation, right?!" 		Science has proven plants react to emotion, put it together
I've sat as my people have been watched and criticized, given tools to their demise, watched and criticized, infiltrated to push genocide, while being watched and criticized, now the tables have turned, and those who are able will learn, those who aren't, will burn.....#Prophecy
Not even the CIA is exempt from the consequences of "Thou shalt not covet" Morality will reign supreme over any organization, country, nation, alliance, etc.....
Whats worse than the physical bullies are the intellectual ones, the ones who follow you and follow you and follow you, for no other reason but their perverse interest in every aspect of your life. What if there was a way to lead them into your mind, to their demise....
I don't like to dwell on the bad, but sometimes the bad just repeats itself in the same patterns with different people, and you tend to hold on to a pivotal bad moment as a reference. You can remove the emotion from it and speak on the specifics of it, without holding on to it
Sometimes its all in communication		A Black Woman will say: N**ga you f**ked up! 		White Woman: I can't handle the frustration of my frail ego being destroyed by your lack of doing the right thing. This is too much. 		1st response: "You right!" 2nd response: "B**ch shuttup!"
I can say that I rarely speak bad of people behind their back. I might say it to their face, but I rarely think that bad of people anyway, unless they're blatantly doing bad, or blatantly trying to hurt me.
I"m like the kid bullied by the bully, who finally decides to snap back and bully the bigger bully, now big bully got his hands up like "ok stop, please stop, pleaaase" while I'm still punching and enjoying it. Except now, I'll lecture em, while they're on the ground.
Drop every rapper buck ass naked in a hunger-games style island, with no weapons. Who you think will win?
"I'm gonna show him whose boss with my hired barber, camera crew, assistant filing my fingernails, rubbing lotion on my pretty face, and I'm gonna rap about how MANLY I am" GTFOH Nigga.
Princesses with toy guns. #RapGame2019
Rappers, go ahead and look all scary with ya multimillion dollar green screen songs, tailored suits, expensive cars.....y'all ain't fooling nobody with that shit. Throw as many guns as you want in ya video too, to mask your insecurities. #YAWN
Those who resisted temptation are now receiving the spiritual benefits. Those who carried the crosses. Those who bore the emotional weight. Those who were left behind. Those who did the right thing and were slandered for it. 		Now the tables have turned		https://t.co/uP0IDo5NVG
Jealous people love to point at you and tell you that "you're jealous". When the girl you were talking to says "_______ and I both agree", its obvious that they've been talking about you behind your back. Jealous people do that.
People think I'm messing up their reputation? 		I'm a nobody remember?		Now, how am I doing that? Lets get a scientific answer.
#ColonizedLatinoJesus is ashamed to say he's jealous of me. His entire aesthetic is based on a friendly, White-washed Jesus, with a little bit of "ethnic" thrown it. I haven't heard a single song from him or video from him in 2 years and I can still feel him on my nuts.
I get a kick out of destroying egos, especially people who think they're going to challenge me at being me. I just sit back, smile, and watch God work.
When you have visions and your body literally feels the pain of cataclysmic events on other planets similar to Earth, you tend to have your ways of coping without coming across as a total lunatic :)
You can't force modernism, it has to happen at the speed it needs to happen... 		https://t.co/3BhZDJ3eiE
My conversation is pretty much like my twitter posts, unless you have something interesting to talk about, in that instance I can hang with the best of them. If I'm not interested, I won't even feign it. I'll go back to looking like the childish guy enjoying his own company :)
In previous lifetimes as Nimrod, these eyes were the last eyes many people saw......		Today I'm peaceful and focused. Ase https://t.co/Pts2a4JjCn
0:24 - https://t.co/ngZa2GzhTS
If you ain't heard "Connected" by @FEofficial.....
I'm pretty liberal in the specifics, as they are determined by time and society and technology, I also say to each his or her own in your own arrangement, however, for me....		I Father. She Mother.
I'm not fast enough on the draw with innuendo unless it involves fighting. 		I often understand double meanings way beyond the timeframe it happened, past the window of opportunity, which lends the question, was it my opportunity at all? 		Fuuuu...
If you ain't putting your physical and mental health first, don't even think about second.  Watch what you eat, stretch, exercise, meditate.
Do you have all 5 senses? Do you have a home? Do you have food?
For extreme cases, my approach to motivating others is to pretend to put them down, then turn it around like "if you believe that, you need to get your ass kicked. Instead kick the ass of the non-belief that you hold in yourself. THAT's what's holding you back, not the specifics!
There isn't a single self-sufficient person I know. Everything we own is operated, made for and run by others. Build your own home with your hands, hunt and gather food with your hands for TRUE self-sufficiency.
Ladies, if you are adverse to the idea of living in a nice home with Me, one where Moms can have her own private space, then don't even talk to me. That's called a castle. Any lady that tries to put down her Man's Mother is disrespecting Motherhood. It's not a competition.
For biological Father who referred to me as "The Boy" in text? I forgive you, but I do not wish to meet you. My fatherhood came from the village, the community, my peers and their families. I will be 100x the father he was. Then again, what's 100x nothing? Lemme restate that :)
The people who didn't make their way to leadership positions in the Civil Rights Movement were JUST as important as the ones who did. Let us not forget them when we pay homage and tribute. #Ase
We both have baggage that is being lifted from us by the mercy of God. Maybe the time frame wasn't how I wanted it, but to be able to heal, come closer and appreciate each other more has made me 10X the man I was. God is never late. God is always right on time. #Grateful #Ase
I come from a working, lower-middle class, single parent Black household. Not poor, but not too far from it. I live at home because its the best financial decision for me AND because its the best moral decision to help the one person that busted her ass to take care of me.
Article I was referring to.... https://t.co/AG7W450BRz
Why isn't Stocks a required class in the US education system?  		Predicted answer: It will diminish the overall market value.		So, in order to keep it alive, you set it up so only a few people "in the know" will have access to this "success" that you say is so easy to get? Just?
"All you have to do is invest this____ and watch Money grow" is how they sell it.		Why isn't it a required class in the US education system? 		We could have high school kids who are set for life. #StockMarket
I saw a satirical article in @TheOnion about a "Lazy" working class Man that doesn't just get off his ass and play the stock market like the rest of the successful World. When you're living check to check, the concept of the Stock Market is most likely a pipe dream......cont
People who are poor tend to stick to others who are poor, not because of the love of "the struggle", it's the love of pulling each other OUT the struggle. 		Unfortunately too many people forget the latter, leave the poor and forget how to communicate and empathize with the poor
If you have something to say to me, or something you want me to be involved in, whether you're dirt poor or a billionaire, a janitor or the President of a country, you come to me humbly and succinctly or you get no response. 		I am not your negro, and I am not your boy.
Regardless of how youthful I carry myself, regardless of the illusory lack of social clout one thinks I have, regardless of my income, I will not be spoken to, or treated like a child by another adult. There isn't another human being who can leverage their authority against me.
@caviarbrian182 Bro! I know exactly what you mean and I wasn't even there. 		"THAT A BOY!" - the same way a father talks to his son, the same tone as "He's a credit to his race" back in the day. Godbless you for maintaining your composure.
This is sick. 		A word of advice: There isn't a badge or helmet that will protect the human psyche from an attack. Crooked cops, you are playing with fire. You have been warned. 		https://t.co/DbalFL0lcc
It wasn't meant to be Segun. Take a loss. Breathe. I know you're hurt, but breathe. It wasn't meant to be. It wasn't meant to be Libra. Stop giving yourself to others so easily. You get bamboozled nearly every time Segun. 		It wasnt meant to be 		It wasn't meant to be :)
When things don't work out, I don't hold grudges about them finding somebody better for them. You can't force someone to be compatible. If it doesn't work out, it wasnt meant to be.
We're not similar at all. Our values are different, morals, ethics, interests, hobbies, etc....I hope she finds somebody that's in her income bracket and compatible. She seems interested in having children, that will be good for her. God will provide. :)
When's the last time you've seen an explosion happen out of nowhere, creating a Universe?............		a method of procedure consisting in systematic observation, measurement, and experiment, and the formulation, testing, and modification of hypotheses.		ORLY?????
"So you're telling me someone had a hadron collider and created a God particle that created the Universe. Then who the heck made the hadron collider?" - Inquisitive kid.
Next year, we will move from strings to bolts...	Inquisitive kid: "Who made the bolts" 	Inquisitive kid: "Who put the God particle there?"		Ok, maybe inquisitive kid should stop asking the questions and have FAITH in what others are telling him....
Don't believe in God, but believe in some s**t called the Quantum Force or something.....		Ok, Sounds like God with a fancy name to me.
The attitude of people whom defiantly go out their way to prove that God DOESN'T exist reminds me of the tone of children who ask "why should we have to listen to our parents!!!" 		Say no more.
If you're doing it right, you should feel it in your stomach at "Give us this day our daily bread"
The Bible, Koran, and Torah are full of protection spells. This particular one is both protection and a chakra alignment. It sends your energy into the Earth where it is nurtured and sent back up through your body. 		The more you know. 		https://t.co/nh3sSedn6q
Stab didn't initially kill, ripped off the cross, nails in the hands and all. Some convoluted coverup, dunno, its cloudy. Died from complications from the stab wound, years later, though the mental anguish was too much....both Mary's lost their mind along with him.  #NoViolence
On display for the people. What's not said in that book is the mockery by the people who passed by and just let it happen.
It wasn't 3 days, it was censored and shortened for general reading purposes. 3 years. 3 years. 		You think he might be a little angry if he "were" to return? 		#Jussayin
*she lingers near me, I remain silent...finally a few minutes of silence passes by* 		Her sarcastic "response", said out loud, not to me: 		HELLOOOOO!! 		I guess I'm the jerk. She couldn't have said hello? Next time I want a job, I'm going to linger near the office. Hired!!!
Sugrah sugarah, .........................awwww honey honey
Mah belly been atoning for all them cakes as of recent. Untoning? 		Shiiiiiiiiii........
Prayer is the way I connect to my personal level of atonement. Atonement is like a mental health benefit. Spiritual mumbo jumbo aside, on a practical level, it helps one pinpoint negative thinking patterns.  To admit to being imperfect is perfection, humility is good health.
"I once flew through a building in outerspace!" 		Cool! But that ain't what you came here to tell me, is it? 		"I burroughed beneath a continental landmass with a spoon!" 		Cool! Very cool! But that ain't what you came here to tell me, is it?		What have you come here to tell me?
This stepped pyramid of Africa predates the Aztec, Olmec, Incan and Mayan Empires. #BlackHistory https://t.co/Q6q5f3Sjd8
For the people I know who aren't from the the States (or maybe some that are), this documentary:		https://t.co/IzKCG8LyMN 		Is a great crash course that covers Black American history from Slavery to the late 80s. Its a documentary, so it can only fit so much, but it's well done.
#Errichicci A new curse which uses Karma and forces the subject to atone and face whom they wronged. 		Advanced cases of noncompliance with inner conscious, emotions and empathy will result in deterioration of the mind and descent into mental insanity.
Some fights ain't worth fighting.
....but you know what, that's a waste of my time and it still shows dependency on them. I'll let them live with it. I'm nobody's n**ger though.
Diss them, put em on blast. Make a good logo, social media campaign, t-shirts, etc...		"But that's not positive" 		Business is business. This makes me feel better and it has potential to generate income. How is it not a positive?
....change a few names around here and there to avoid legal issues, but give enough subliminals so people will know with whom you're speaking about.		Use me, diss me then ghost me? 		Cool! 		Watch me ressurrect yo ass just to take you back out of the game.
The thing about me is I'm not afraid to fight back through my music. In Hip Hop, you can put people on blast and make a timeless reminder of what they did to you. 		It ain't over.
When I speak with violent imagery, it's the best way to descrive the feeling of being Black in the US, which psychologically tells you "you can be successful and Black, as long as it's on OUR terms" It's infuriating.
Last post: How extremely f**cked up is it that a Woman would rather send you to JAIL than be forced to deal with their emotions and admit their wrongs to you face to face? 		How f**ked up is that?! 		Is the ego that frail?
Then to make things worse, some White Women will reduce you a n**ger, then ghost you....then treat you like a wild animal if you ask for a sincere apology or some accountability, i.e. restraining order.
Nothing makes me want to punch a White person in the mouth more than White people who get MAD when you point out subtle psychological racism. Like they think you're lying. Wanna choke somebody.
I once told a White Woman I was dating that the way she relates to me makes me feel like a n**ger and she just brushed it off. Didn't take it seriously, instead I got the reaction "Are you serious?" 		When she felt bullied, I apologized to her sincerely.
"He's amazing, but needs to change ____" sounds similar in tone to how rich folks would hold smiley conversations about "the negro problem" while doing any and everything to avoid FACE to FACE contact
I remember who ignores my kindness, I remember who doesn't return my phone calls, messages, etc. Nobody is obliged to me, but I'm not obliged to friendship.
I will never EVER compete with another person's life, especially not in dating. Nor will I diminish my worth by wasting time trying to force someone to like me. If it doesn't work out, it wasnt meant to happen		#thinkingLogically
3 kids maximum
Goal: A modest apartment or condo, car, enough expendable income to go on a few trips per year.
Successful adult life means that you talk softly, follow what everyone else does and carry yourself with a stick up your ass. Want to have fun? Pay someone else to facilitate it.		Doesn't appeal. Rather be broke and original than successful and soulless.		Making my own way
Can't buy your way out of being a boring person.
IMO, the biggest b**ch in the World is impatience 		Slow yo ass down
I never understood how people can just blurt out something sexual to someone they don't know. I find it offensive. I won't even talk about sex to a prospective romantic partner until we've established some level of trust and friendship, let alone make a move. Patience is a virtue
Confession: I have an extremely hard time being aggressive sexually with Women who haven't provided some sort of explicit verbal agreement beforehand. Some might say I'm too timid, but I'd rather be safe then sorry. I'm Black, 200+ pounds and I have the demeanor of a brute.
Virginia seasoning seasoned, stovetop browned, balsamic vinegar marinated chicken breast strips		May put them bizznits in a taco shell w some tomaters n ernions or cut it all up and add some bbq sauce for a pulled chicken sandwich...		#options #grateful #food
Not afraid of the CIA, MI6, KGB or any secret organization. If you're tracking me, you better tell me why, or risk losing the sanity of every single person following me.
There's a difference between touting your accomplishments to make yourself feel better vs doing it to make others feel jealous...someone with keen intuition can sniff it out every time. The latter is arrogance.
I swear I can't even think anything positive about myself without hearing a negative reaction. Lmao. This is like some messed up game show where the audience goes back and forth talking smack about me. Lord have mercy.
I sing, dance and make Julienne fries too... 		Ladieeeeees!
Sometimes what you percieve as someone not being confident is just someone making up their mind. Maybe it's us that's impatient and our frustration stems from them not fitting in our timeline. Maybe we are the ones who aren't confident. Ya dig?
Some people overthink, some don't think enough. No approach is inherently Male or Female, it just is. To have a Ghanian girl pull a shy guy like me off the wall was love.  Wasn't emasculating, her girlfriends even cheered her on  Some guys a need a snap like "HEY! Are you here?"
Mr. "Wear a hat because you can't look me in the eyes" 		A Man can brag all he wants to about what he's going to do to that other Man, but when it comes down to it, if he can't look him in the eyes, he's the weak one...		Remember that kiddo.;)
A false relationship can extend to children. The children that are born to false relationships will inherit that obsession/debt.
Once again: 		If you wanna compete with me, you better be ready to sleep with me.
You don't obsess over another Man and try to start something with a Woman to "prove your dominance" over that Man. That's a false relationship. That Man will have more of a relationship with that other Man than the Woman, no matter how hard he tries to escape it.
1st one was way too violent 	2nd was way too cerebral	3rd was way too calculating	4th was way too peaceful 	5th was way too secretive 	6th was way too mellow 	That 7th one, he's an alright fellow ☺
Bros over hoes?		Damn right! 		I don't f**k with hoes anyway. A good Woman however....
Now playing. Damn if you think I'm soft for loving this track. 		https://t.co/Pd44AzjG9I
#EmbraceYourInnerSith: learn how to be "Bad" without actually being bad. How to offend without being offensive. How to present something aggressively as your firm belief without forcing it on other people.
That Jedi/Sith ish is real too, except Sith is just a metaphor for your shadow side. Jedi cool, but had too many sticks up they ass. Sith is like a Jedi walking in the club in a Hype Williams video. 		https://t.co/BtYQ4AKnBF
Lady Elf riding around in a cream colored Benz, diamond on her pinky rink. Faux fur coat, got Jeffrey Osbourne playing the background.
Roll down the wrong block and 6 Black Legolas looking n**gas pop out with bow and arrows....		"What you doing here fam?!"
About the Elves, they Black and they hood AF		Sorry JR Tolkein
If you think I was expecting aliens, cyborgs, ancient demons, reincarnated Gods, Saints, rogue Ai's, reincarnated historical figures good and bad, Incubii, Sucubii, Angels, and what seems like fantasy characters come to life (Elves, yes, ELVES), then YOU are crazier than I sound!
There really is a chaotic, violent energy in the Chicago soil and even more in Evanston, believe it or not. Goes back thousands of years. Native Americans tended this land and held it back for centuries. Chitown could be much worse. When we libate, don't forget to thank them. Ase
Btw, Greys, you're officially human now. Nobody will be able to tell the difference anymore anyway. The new visitors will arrive soon to a peaceful, healing planet.....
When #MartinLawrence flipped out in public, people called him crazy...		Now that we know how to internalize it and transmute it, we gonna be a problem. This is for my Black people, who most of all represent the meek that will inherit the Earth, BUT, it's for all sanctified humans
The most difficult thing for me is providing my own self checking mechanism. I'm learning the new language.  Lord knows I don't wanna literally make someone's head explode or some s**t like that. Not funny. Wooosaaahh.
The thing about a fight is that you can just step back and watch the aggressor attempt their moves in futility and steer them to their own defeat, much like a Matador, except I oppose the killing of animals. Let that bull bull on that bullshit. I'm Chicago born saying this lol.
I swear I heard somebody think out loud "....You alienated yourself in the process" 		So I defeated the Grey Queen and alienated myself in the process? 		Somebody got bars!!
I did it without breaking a nail.
BelieveItOrNot: 	She is the queen of the Grey hive (Those Xfiles chumps that tried to invade our mind) For a planet to join the central sun timeline (concurrent enlightenment), it has to pass the tribulations with a chosen Earth warrior to defeat her and recieve the cosmic gift.
Confession: 		I want to just start laughing hysterically everywhere I go, but I still got work to do.....		:)
I'm very protective of my sexual energy. Ive had several people sleep around and or pick up new bpyfriends off the momentum and energy I provided them. It's like you give a gift to someone &amp; they give it to someone else.	 Offensive to say the least. Finally some justice.
The one who couldn't reconcile is losing her miraculous abilities. They are being transfered to me as I speak. I have very little control of it, it's just happening. It was gained unnaturally so now it must be returned for fair and judicious use. My new Wife will gain it.
Spitballs in elementary school that didn't even connect, because they weren't even important enough for me to listen. Man look. Lmao.
I heard I've been dissed a few times here and there. 		Spitballs in elementary school. Lol.
Whomever is my Wife will be blessed with paranormal level psychic intuitive powers, superhuman physical abilities, + the ability to directly influence past, present, future events and human thought + coolness and unconditional love 360° 		She must get my Mom's blessing first tho.
Whoever I choose as my Queen with gets the full power of Oya transfered to them.
Best dream in a minute. Moved into our new house in the city w my Mom and girl. 		Prophetic I hope.
Pure Gold aka #Obabemememe
At least I know I ain't got all the answers. 		I'm just livin the miracle 		🙏⚡☔ https://t.co/Sz9oyJAUHA
All lives DO matter cause I was raised that ALL LIVES might f**k around and kill you. I don't underestimate nobody. 		#jussayin
When I speak of relationships between rich and poor, I'm not just referring to dating and sex, I'm talking about professional relationships as well. 		A good film that adresses this is "Trading Places" with Eddie Murphy. Look at the characters of Mortimer and Randolph.
I don't discount the potential for sucessful rich/poor relationships, however some transparency in motivation from the rich could bring better communication. Be real with the people you're helping. Why are you so interested in him/her/them? What will you get from this?
Thesis: Maybe the rich envy the poor for the raw tantric energy that comes from struggling and being in danger. 		Supporting evidence: The Rap Industry, where selling drugs and living in fear of your life is "sexy". 		#jussayin
Maybe the rich envy the poor for the raw tantric energy that comes from truly working a laborious job and struggling. Maybe they prey off that energy. Otherwise, out of sight, out of mind.....Am I right?
Considering my last tweet, this is why there's a fascination with "taking" someone's Man or Woman. Its essentially taking the energy of a relationship without the work. I would compare that to the behavior of a parasite. 		#jussayin
Dent talking about sex again! 		 I feel as if the concept of a "sex life" is a way for boring, scared people to retreive some semblance of what life is truly like by utilizing tantric power in the wrong way	 	"Let's f**k the guilt away" 		#jussayin
#Motivation #inspiration #theManOfManyFaces 		Artwork by me. https://t.co/sPGM8lOxZw
#theManOfManyFaces is still in production.		To create a masterpiece with your own lyrics, production, artwork, marketing plans, and still do so while hustling, in debt, with a family life, is a task. I have no qualms about patting myself on the back :)		#Mistadent #ChicagoHipHop
This weekend I might take the bus to a Himalayan restaurant. Price of the meal is less than $15. While in the neighborhood, I might walk streets I've never seen before, visit local stores, etc. It's like an in-city vacation for a cheap price. 		Hustlenomics
On a spiritual level, I wake up every morning and ground myself through prayer. I'm grateful for the basics: all 5 senses, clothing, food, shelter, mobility, family, friends, a job. It allows you to gain perspective and not worry so much about the timeframe of your success.
Hustlenomics: Every weekend treat yourself to a new cheap leisure activity, craft, food dish or travel to a new destination you haven't visited (even if its in your city). Reward yourself, think frugally and outside the box.
Missles can cost between $100K to several million dollars. 		How many missles have been built? 		How much does a community center or cheap grocery store cost? 		How many of those have been built? 		Which yields a greater return on investment?
These are great tips, but not applicable to all situations. Try applying these when you have daily distractions and stress worrying about violence, false imprisonment or having your belongings robbed or stolen from you.		https://t.co/frUkBUyiyD
US culture has an unspoken "money club". It's a special club reserved for people with affluence, or people seeking affluence. If you want to join this elite group of movers and shakers, you can, as long as you don't bring a large amount of people with you, then its threatening
Even if you live next to, or inside a slum near a large thriving city, you come home to a psychological reminder that one of the most powerful, rich empires doesn't care about you...but they'll spend money on "foreign interests"		https://t.co/S6U1iv91vm
Many of the rich like to put down people suffering from American poverty as Lazy. Which has some truth. However, you are a reflection of your environment. When your environment is the result of neglect, what do you expect?		  https://t.co/nr6MmHBiL2
Wanna have the life sucked out of you? Try relying on transit in a city where you have to wait 1 hour for a bus in front of abandoned buildings that may or may not get you to your final destination.		https://t.co/Ap3bV3ktzy		You'll be surprised at how much of America is like this
The closest any US city has been to a crowded 3rd World slum is NYC. Many slums of the developing World have some sort of open-air underground economy. Ppl selling food, clothes, etc.		In the US, we have nearly vacant slums, no jobs, nothing to do: 		https://t.co/rK60je9YXN
The rich like to use examples of people who've made their way 'from rags to riches' to make themselves feel better. Those are exceptions, and not the reality for the majority. The ascent to affluence is long and arduous, and can take an entire family generations, if at all.
Ladies. I don't discriminate based on income, however, if you've been fortunate enough to be raised in an affluent, two-parent household in an affluent city, and have the money and time to be taught multiple skills, at least have empathy for people who haven't been so fortunate..
The city in the US that best captures the feel of Ancient Egypt is Los Angeles. big landmarks, spacious homes, small clusters of cities, connected by roads. Not as cluttered as future cities. There was much more vegetation, again, similar to LA, how it blends into the desert.
#New #Mistadent  		https://t.co/XjaH467QeC
New #Mistadent 		https://t.co/C1qLpdk3BQ
Renaissance paint this. 		Btw, I'm not throwing gang signs up. It's a #Mudra that promotes health and well-being. 		Try it, you might be surprised at its power.... https://t.co/BX2X54iKiN
I can feel White comedians changing their routines already		Lets play a game of who can do the most wack fake Black accent ever...wocka wocka wocka!!
That last portrait of "Jesus" looks like the genocidal King Leopold. I'm scared.
I guess if you worship this dude,  you would have some sick fascination with emasculated Jesus. Look at dude's eyes, all sick and perverted or some bizarre "Single White Female" obsessive fan posing to get off. Looks like a leather fetish bottom. I don't know that Jesus! https://t.co/sJYUg33IeZ
I damn near have to swat emasculated White Men off me with a fly swatter, so many of them, of all sizes, shapes and varieties coming at me at all times...everywhere I go. Body language, demeanor, etc....Don't project that s**t on me!
Some White folks think I have this secret flamboyant life I'm hiding, then get intimidated when I don't. Then the defensive ones think I'm some closet case Manly Man. 		Once again, forgetting I'm Black. That's Liberal White Supremacy for ya!!!
Chicagoans always gotta find a way to make something violent:		"Oh, so he read books now?!!"		"Let's see how he read when I  knock his eye out!"		"Oh, he a greenjacket from France?"		"Lets beat up that n**ga and drop a cresent roll on his ass"		bet somebody walk by &amp; pick it up
I'm not even referring to fists when I say fight, I'm referring to a battle of the minds. Sniveling little rats in Washington DC need to be eradicated.
Challenge an angry conservative to a fight that even looks like they'll lose and they'll run every single time. Conservatives whine like little bitches when they're wrong, ain't that right @AnnCoulter?
Those ISIS videos ain't nothing but a rap video gone out of control. Little pretty boys can't even show their face, they gotta hide it. Kidnapping a gentle reporter and killing him? Little slutbag bullies. Same with all these guncrazy white supremacists, can't shoot a fair one...
Then all the guns in the videos. Pffftt 		Trying too hard to intimidate niggas ass niggas. Please. Little pretty ass with a gun. So what! They got drones now. A muthaf**ka can sit in a control room and take out your whole block. Does that make them hard?
Rappers need to shut they pretty asses up. Riding around in expensive cars with jewelry and shit, little fingers up in a twirl, sipping on tea, pretending to be hard. 		Please. Blue collar sees through all that shit, emotional, Prima donna ass niggas. You got yo money, now stfu!
#Appropriate 		https://t.co/91ouvcMLGk
My research on primitive mating habits have led me to a thesis that White America is scared of Black sexuality, because White America has 1000x more skeletons in it's closet. Black sexuality exposes it.		 #MoreDancing #MoreHips #BlackExcellence
Ancient Chinese dynasties didn't care about race. The hell happened today?
I moved to South Evanston in Middle School. Thought I was tough cause I just moved from Chicago. Got my ass beat by somebody else, who also just moved from Chicago.
I've heard people imply that I'm a good actor and or performance artist		I've never trained formally, but they're right. I can play a fool quite well.		Sincerely, 		Nobody		😉
Mista Dent no two-face, I'm two coins, good gracious, they get back in my good graces to gain they cool points, I roll with rebels who disrupt, interrupt, who annoy, but respect more and bless water to anoint, and rip drums, get to the point, there is none  		#MistaDent
The fists are for defense only though. #jussayin
Gangs never scared me that much though. I have strong intuition. I could always determine who the weak ones were in the crews, the ones who would fold, the mastermind, the crazy nigga, etc.....same s**t, different pattern		#Yawn
Chicago is so vicious that your OWN gang will beat you down if you get outta line. It's called a V. What you gonna tell the Police? Hell, they'll probably beat you down again for wasting their time.
Justice over loyalty.
We can be mean and vicious in Chicago, but there's also a code. I witnessed two people come from Africa looking for trouble get beat down by White Men with guitars. Wasn't racial violence, it was 'you bout to get yo ass beat for fucking up' violence. Karma is strong here.
Chicago has a history of gang banging and hats. Wear the wrong hat and you might find yourself on the ground. Looks like those MAGA hats have joined the fold.
RT @ABC: It’s so cold in Chicago, crews had to set fire to commuter rail tracks to keep the trains moving smoothly. https://t.co/YsCjTNIMhe…
Temperature is going to rise nearly 70 degrees from tonight to Sunday. You wonder why Chicagoans are crazy as hell.
Team #NoSex &gt; #CasualSex
The #CasualSex lifestyle doesn't appeal to me. From my perspective, it's like grown Men and Women playing a more dangerous game of house. It's insulting to sex and not sexy at all.
At some point, it becomes a sign of immaturity that you can't keep a Man or Woman, or need constant validation from other people. Know yourself.		 #CasualSex
If you're over 35 and still having casual sex with multiple people, you need to grow up.
Shimdimdimshimshimdim	Shimdimdimshimdimshimdim
You gain clout with me through honesty and accountability. 		Everything else is relative.  Even if you mess up consistently, the fact that you're honest about it and wish to change means everything to me, and should mean everything to yourself too!!
I don't help my people to gain stripes. I help my people cause they're my people.
If you're signing "Gangsta killa drug deala nigga" to your record label, and you're living comfortably, and you're not challenging the streets to do better, you're essentially funding the lifestyle of gangsta, killa, drug deala niggas AND promoting it.....
There's too many people who are obsessed with "the streets" pulling strings in the rap biz. It's even more insulting when you see so many White faces doing this. 		"Taste makers" who cosign the authenticity of neighborhoods and cultures they don't even truly know or understand.
I'm not as much of a prude when it comes to issues of sex as I come across. I just have to feel it to move forward, or I won't pursue it. Within the last three years or so, I just haven't felt the need or want to have sex. I don't think it's a problem or that big of a deal.
@119chicago @fatbellybella Might be best to use wiser wisdom yourself instead of looking to others for insight ya know?
#BlackMovieTime: Walking in on BlackPanther the same time the Jabari tribe walks on screen...
"You might wake up and find out it's too late" - 		What is "It" and why is it too late? If we talking about Pennywise, then that's a good thing that it's too late. Pennywise on Black Movie Time. Walking in halfway through the film with fresh popcorn....
"Time ain't getting any slower!" 		Never understood that phrase, or any variation of it. 		Like we got an internal doomsday clock or something....wtf		 Average life expectancy is quite high these days
#RapFanTip: Focus the camera towards the listener more. Personal stories are good in context. What's the end goal of your project? Consider your fanbase, but don't limit it, ALWAYS expand it.
For the homophobic ladies: Picture a beautiful wall, zoom out, into a panoramic view of a dusty, stucco surface, peeling paint, crumbling in the desert sun.....		#Amashaugbuntu
Homophobic niggas, from now on, you have any trace of homophobia, you getting hunted, period, or your genitals might transform on their own.........
Its #DentShuttingNiggasDownSeason
@119chicago @fatbellybella ...then why don't you kill him. You so bad, do it!
#NoPrimaDonnasIn2018: Male and Female
There's a certain way I address and speak to elders that I don't do to my peers and younger. We can learn from kids, yes, but they cannot trick the accumulation of time and wisdom. Let's get this clear, because these kids out here actually think they run the World.
This just in. #SantaMuerte is now working the strip for #PapaLegba 		Ase!
I be feeling like I gotta answer for everybody problems. I went to Ghana, I was the "White Man" til they got to know me, then I had to turnaround and defend Black America. "SEGUN!! WHY DO YOU SHOOT EACH OTHER!!!!" - I'm like "Damn dog, I ain't shot nobody lol"
Got people claiming they from different galaxies now. 		GTFOH with that. Build a spaceship then! LMAO
Everywhere you go in the World, Black bodies, culture, people, skin and accomplishments are devalued and not given fair and equal treatment. 		I'm a Panafracanist &amp; I genuinely and sincerely care. We speak of this enlightenment, yet how can it happen with this inequality? #Peace
On the real, this is like one of those rare compilation mixtapes where every song is hot, got you dubbing songs to your own mixtape with the record/play button down. You bougie if you had double speed, chipmunk style..... 		https://t.co/GLvth5xb5R
I'm Black and I don't exist in a culture of victimization. Then again, that's actually correct in a roundabout way, because I have to FIGHT to keep myself from victimizing somebody else!!! 		Anger issues? Yeah! I'm Black! Hello there!!! 		You better be glad I'm peaceful! 		:)
#chac needs mentorship and #tlaloc is tired of doing it, any takers?
Prophecy speaks of a WARRIOR, not a diva. I see your issue vegan, however, until the rest of the World catches up to the stress-free lifestyle that being White and Rich in this country affords, meat will be eaten. We have canines and bacteria that can digest it....,in moderation
OMG, its a #ColonizedLatinoJesus coffee break!!		You sound like a kid in class who scribbles detailed nonsense on a piece of paper and throws a hissy fit when the teacher says they can't understand it, hand all back twiddling ya hair, get the f**k outta here kiddo....
RT @uniqueloves: Some people get upset when we say "Black people built this country," but we're just stating facts.		Here are the historica…
#GoodMorning!!
I understand it though. When you're told that you're King and Queen of the World and someone knocks you off your platform as easy I did, it can be jarring and ego crushing. Poor little thing.
Her Male counterpart will suffer the same fate btw. No children. Handicapped for the rest of his life. I wish I could help, but they refuse to ask.
"I don't want to look weak so I'm going to watch myself die slow instead of reconciling" 		Sounds smart!
Option2: She will be reduced to an invalid in a wheelchair that has to be spoon fed and I'll have all her tantric power for the next 38 years. God will find a way to balance this. 		All because of foolish pride.		You go girl!!!		https://t.co/1pVfQ2faEb
Who's afraid of #PippiLongstocking?		Y'all crazy as hell. Lmao
The shunned tribe of the reds (what we call albinos), determined to disprove the power of the Gods, continued North, then east, then West, then across water to where they thought they couldn't be found. One night they woke to a series of bizarre thuds/lights 51.1789° N, 1.8262° W
New drawing I pinned.		#icciwoxowicci 	Pronounced: Itchywotchowitchy		Assassin of the Owl Tribe..... https://t.co/KPB6MMbNH6
People forget that I'm a DePaul Double Blue Demon.
...btw, for the WhiteSupremacists, #Zues2019 got him a sista. 		You can't escape it if you tried. 	AHAHAHAHAHA AT RACISM HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
If you call yourself a stand up guy and you want to hurt another Man by "f**king his girl", you're not a standup guy, you're jealous of that Man, AND you just desecrated the Woman you're having sex with. 		I don't play games like that. Losers.
I'm not a fan of penis outside mine. I have powers that enhance male virility, which causes confusion. I'm flattered by it tho. I enjoy the company and intimacy of Women, but I'm willing to accept modifications if one finds a way to produce a baby, be it surrogate or otherwise...
#Jesus2019 would go back in time to that Roman Coliseum where they had those lions, go out there, use his post-33yrs old psychic power to force everybody in the crowd, including the Lions to dance to https://t.co/MiDptNuQvJ 		Have it on repeat as I slowly walked out the arena.
I work with my hands.		#GOSPEL
Black people: Nobody EVER gained spiritual abilities by simply STUDYING spirituality (Symbols, names, rhetoric, belief systems, etc) You have to PRACTICE IT SINCERELY! If you represent Khemet, then be on your #Maat! 		Otherwise, you're just a Roman Philosopher in Blackface.
Actually, I'm going to correct that last tweet. Roman Emperor connotes some level of actual power, small, but potent edit coming in 4,3,2,1
Black people: Nobody EVER gained spiritual abilities by simply STUDYING spirituality (Symbols, names, rhetoric, belief systems, etc) You have to PRACTICE IT SINCERELY! If you represent Khemet, then be on your #Maat! 		Otherwise, you're just a Roman Emperor in Blackface. 		#GOSPEL
Real talk, someone asked me "Who do you think Jesus is, were he to be alive?" I responded @DaveChappelle 		Why? 	1 - Laughter is the best medicine. 	2 - Chappelle show was the closest thing to a nationwide (America's influence on media: Global) discussion on race that was civil!
Homie strolls through your neighborhood preaching with gold teeth, on a litter carried by 4 slaves, got pillows, cushions, 3 or 4 ladies rubbing they back, pouring out liquor and tossing falafel to the crowd. Of course they're going to get the attention of the people. #historical
I imagine preachers during Biblical times had the same notoriety as underground rappers today:		"If you so hot, how come you ain't got a sermon at the Coliseum?! Bro, I got 10 gold oxen, what about you?! Miss me with that!" 		Mugs wearing gold cows around they neck.
Did I mention that half the deities I know rap too, well too, like well well too. 		#ChicagoHipHop
I've identified nearly 30 or so modern vessels of deities walking in the flesh among us currently. 		Naan one of them is rich. Every last one of them lives normal lives and struggles to make ends meet. Every last one sacrifices to help others. Society considers the rich as Gods.
Gods don't walk around in a mystic gaze going on about how they're gods and how they have secret knowledge that nobody has access to. Gods have normal ass lives, normal ass problems, but a whole extra helping of emotional and psychological baggage to carry.
The Christ essence, Ra essence, Moses essence, Buddha essence, Muhammad essence, Oshun essence, Virgin Mary essence, even the Zeus essence exist, they've been with us for a while. HOWEVER, we are in miraculous times as the TRUE human vessels have ALSO been reincarnated.
@AmunRAGodSun1 Well, you can be somewhere and check out this youtube video of Ra (Ray of Light) and Thoth (D-Nick The Microphone Misfit). They're the TRUE living human vessels of the spirits themselves, reincarnated. 		Follow them. 		https://t.co/LKByd05avN
A good fighter is not afraid of an ass whooping. I've taken my hits, brushed it off and kept it movin. However, I'm not a fan of humiliating fighters as their down, that's unnecessary and extra, unless it's a special case (rapists, habitual bullies, Thanos).
I think @RealDLHughley was one of those smart mouth, mean girl type bullies that would get his ass beat all the time. Everytime it happened, he'd play it off with that goofy grin of his, making a smart ass comment as he left to save face. Ole sadomasochist swag ass. Lol!
Seems @RealDLHughley has an issue with "Manliness". 		 I go by basic man rules, meaning survival of the FITTEST , like nature. Terry crews will rip your flabby limbs off DL. Write a comedy routine of how many different creative ways you could get your ass beat. 		Shuttup n**ga!
You wont date me because I lack, but you'll sleep with me? 		No. You wont. You'll leave my presence.
@AmunRAGodSun1 Amun Ra lives in Ohio. I've ridden with him in his car. Funny dude. Ra is an underground MC in Chicago.
Friendship comes before ANY qualifications in a relationship.		 Women want a provider?		 That's horseshit. How are you worth providing for? 		If I don't have it, will you empathize? 		If not, I hold you in the same regard as people who slander the poor, or mock disabilities.
That's Money and Power's girl. Not mine. I don't sweat it, like Badu says in the hook....		 https://t.co/tAHFLc1qqj
Someone comes to you for help and tries to manipulate you to make YOU think you need them for help, then gets angry and frustrated that you aren't following THEIR plans....		Are you f'ing kidding?.		Who the hell are you again? 		Better yet, who are you to ME? 		Am I wrong?
A strong soul connection is something I have no control over. It's carried over from past lives into birth. 		Still, I shouldn't have to discipline grown Women and Men.
It's not easy to leave someone who has a strong soul connection to you when you have my gifts. Especially someone who is obsessed with you, but hides it in person, then takes your energy and does dirt with it. I can feel it every time. It's enough to drive a sane man crazy.
I drain sin on contact. 		Baggage? Yeah, I know a bit about that. I carry it for others, expecting nothing in return. I see, hear, feel things about people they don't want me to know. Some people are scared. Rightfully so. If I was constantly doing bad, I would be too...
Must have thought I was joking.		Not so funny now is it? 		 Too bad, all it takes is a phone call and apology. I've never met someone who has that much foolish pride, they'll sacrifice their happiness over a PHONE CALL 		LMAO!!!
@DanCrenshawTX Pourus borders? First America needs to have a clue on what the hell you're talking about!!!
#ThemeThursdays: Corporate office incentive programs
#NowPlaying #RipJacka 		https://t.co/NThk3yhLBl
A Back to the Future sequel where somehow a group of 2018 New York techies find a DeLorean, transporting them back to 1977 NYC......
This should of had a video IMO. This song is so appropriate now: 		https://t.co/o1std1sNnt
#BlackPeople #AsianPeople - Did you know that the use of "Nazi" was to psychologically co-opt #Anansi from Africa?, and the co-opt of the #Swastika was intended to psychologically remove the spiritual power from India and Asia? 		This is why we're so gung ho about #Appropriation
#GyeNyame
Version 2 - different flow. 	https://t.co/daE77s3C5r
Uploading version 2 of that song I recorded earlier...
I'm really approachable. If your intentions are not good, I'm not. Respect is DEFAULT, friendship is optional.
I take pride in not probing into other people's business, so I have issues with asking new people I meet about their personal life. Some consider it a social defect. I don't meet new people easily and come across as callous.  #NomadLife
Such is the Karma they've had for me and especially my Mom. Nonviolent solution, but effective. #AnEyeForAnEye - They want to follow and eyes us around like dogs, they will become what they want. :)
That last song is dedicated to my upstairs neighbors, who insist on following me around from room to room. They will be resurrected as dogs based on their behavior. #iTried
I recorded this instead. Parental advisory, a bit pissed today, just clearing out whomever is left taking up unnecessary space in my mind. 		https://t.co/4Uwng1pW0l
I might just freestyle off the top tonight and record it instead.
Wasn't happy with the audio quality of that last track I posted. Might or might not record it professionally. Behind the scenes with #MistaDent
When I go in full intensity though: #MistaDent #theManOfManyFaces 	https://t.co/bbQQMqfhpC
I fill empty space with presence, trick listeners into thinking I follow a easily-defined pattern, I step around hi hats, weave through basslines, throwing punches, kicks, elbows. I force the beat to my own rhythm. I don't just flow, I fight. 		https://t.co/ElMxk3HZmH
"Dope, since the days of 89 flattops/	since the days of Reaganized crack rock/ 	to dope pushers in the video with a skyline backdrop/	I'm Dylan that hot/		https://t.co/jn4SnsxUc7
To understand my rhyming style is to understand why you got hit in the jaw by a punch that was thrown awkwardly, but still connected with vicious intensity and speed. Not pretty but effective. I put the ox in unorthodox.
I gave this track an old fashioned beat down, barroom brawl style: 		https://t.co/lJpYT6g6yR
Shows in Peru, Bolivia, Sao Paulo, Papa New Guinea, Lebanon, Myanmar, Mongolia, Madagascar, Sierra Leone, Ukraine?
I would like to see rappers in the game do more international hood tours, with speaking engagements. I think the back and forth potential to build could be tremendous. To have representatives the streets of the US could bring solidarity that could evolve into positive change.
@CBSNews He said "I will plead not guilty" with so much emotion, which makes me think he will plead not guilty, rather than he IS not guilty. LMAO
I'm not scared of the Middle East like many people. My only issue is that all the buildings are the same color.
#Jesus2019 - I rubbed shoulders with Judas a few times, real cool dude, and a sophisticated public speaker and gentlemen when he's not a psycho. But for real, that's the dude you get when you want the dirty work done. @TechN9ne could be his mentor. #Jussayin
Judas didn't carry it out. He was constantly being tracked/surrounded by enemies, trying to feed off his anger. 		Lessons: 		1 - Anger can weaken defenses. 		2 - Nobody reached out to him to see if he was okay, including his close friends.
Judas was one of those cats that's just angry, not really because of any reason other than people think he's angry, so it creates an angry cycle. Some people just have angry face, like old face, sad face, happy eyes, etc. It's just the shape of the face.
And shout out to that crazy eyed broad with the crazy eyed dog that lived with us in Kumasi
By Fam, I mean Fam Fam.
Did you know I have family in Ghana and Toronto? Shout out to Kofi, Martin, Adonsi, Emmanuel, Sampson, Eric, Papa, Ura (prob spelling it wrong), Auntie Vic, Ama, Gifty, Osei, Isaac, Solomon and anybody else I forgot.
Chicago is colder than Russia this week.
Had they sent me to Africa back in the day, I would of gathered the heads of the colonizers and the Africants that sold us out. I would have enjoyed a stew afterwards. #jussayin #DENT :D
"If there's an obstacle in my path, I remove it" 		Removed it alright, knocked it right out the way......too blind to see the pit that followed it.		Oldest trick in the book.
@227Sanja @nowthisnews So you want me to lie and pretend like I want the house in my essay or write a variation of "I want the house but I'm going to SELL IT". Sounds positive :)
@227Sanja @nowthisnews It would make me want to move back to Chicago more? 		11 Words. #Jussayin
#theShaman will be back on Instagram........soon.
"These tats was supposed to scare you! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
Correction to last tweet. 		They TRY to intimidate me. Try!		#Jussayin
It's like every 5 minutes or so, groups of people of different ethnicities stare at me,laugh about me or intimidate me. 	Damn! Am I that intimidating? 		Furthermore, who raised these people?  Who taught them that it was okay to speak on people you've never met before?	#Hallelujah
Going off intuition alone, White America has an unspoken "What are YOU doing here?" energy towards Black America. 		Funked up I get it from my own people. Lmao at the absurdity of it tho......
"If I say this, ______ will get mad at me."		Ok, don't say it. 		Maybe you're not as fearless as you think you are.
I would like to see more people get emotional and speak their truth clearly and consicely, WITH RESPECT!		How is our society AFRAID of emotion? How is that strength?
Hint: Forcing a smile through inner anguish/frustration often does more damage than good. 		That "bubbly" demeanor doesn't fool me at all. This applies to Women more, who are all but instructed by White culture to put on a smiley face....		Funk that!
#TeamCursedEyes https://t.co/PAA1irgJwG
Call me non-Black all you want. 		That wont stop me from doing what I need to do, PERIOD! 		I don't have to apologize for the mistreatment of dark skinned people either. If you can't direct your frustration to the source, then get out the game. No weak people on my team #GyeNyame
Every now and then I would get ignorant Negros that want to tell ME that I'm not Black, and I'm Mixed. There is no such thing as pure blood African-Americans. 		Black Americans are all mixed. 		However, the resentment I would get from White people was more intense and frequent..
Capitol Hill is resembling the Village of the Damned nowadays. Be careful out in DC..........
Let's see what political party in our country will stop talking about the other political party and just go to work.
I don't blame him, look at her eyes. I'm frightened! Place your hand over her mouth and look at her eyes, the eyes always tell a story. I almost wanna break out the proton pack!! https://t.co/WZrjeaKIGW
Hardest working rapper/hustler in Chicago, bar none! Shark does all his own promo himself, plastering ads all over the city for the last 2 decades, on foot, and on transit. No record labels bankrolling him. No endorsement deals. #Salud!!		https://t.co/THhegiGMF1
@people Aye! Me too! Maybe @DrewBarrymore has a gorilla as her spirit animal too?
Every facial trait and characteristic is represented in #Africa. You find people who, if they were lighter, could look like Europeans, Native Americans, South Americans, Asian, Middle Easterners, etc.........
Africans have squinty eyes also. https://t.co/8mM9B4his0
Africans have straight hair too. https://t.co/XVjxXtG97g
Africans come in ALL shades. https://t.co/5W2fpCCgu7
The usage of red and yellow (Bronze/Redbone) for #Shango figurines is more than symbolic, the story of his sacrifice for his tribe is not just coincidence, the fact that his symbol, the Oxé, and its geometric relation to the Cross is also more than coincidental. https://t.co/SFwR7uCkLp
The lessons imparted by the film #BlackPanther are universal:	The sense of hope and optimism, respect of the family, honoring tradition, honoring elders, honoring Women, respecting different cultures. Done sleek and sophisticated with style. Pop culture done right.
#WakandaForever!! 		I can't even describe how proud I am of you, the rest of the Black Panther cast, Ryan Coogler, and Marvel for taking up an ambitious, downright radical premise, and delivering a classic, fresh, optimistic and uplifting cultural phenomenon of a film!! https://t.co/xbvsy2eelE
"I don't want that on my child's record" 		THEN RAISE YOUR CHILD NOT TO DO IT!!
College towns should have special jails for DUI's. Not only should it be a fine, it should have a mandatory sentence of at least a week, WITH community service and training in how to respect yourself and others.
You know what would make me respect conservatives more?		Send YOUR kids to jail when they do wrong!!!
If I did half the stuff that goes on in those colleges, and got caught. You know what my Mother would say. She'd shrug her shoulders and say: 		"Well Segun, I hope you enjoy a jail cell!!!"
The anger that comes from the right against poor Black and Latino kids is hypocrisy at its finest. White America just has money to cover up and bail out kids when they do wrong, AND give them great paying jobs for the effort!		Am I right conservatives? 		Am.I.Right?!!!
Hey there Jimmy Frat Boy! You may have had wild parties with alcohol poisoning, raping drunk girls, destroying property, BUT ITS ALRIGHT NOW, we hooked you up with this great suit and tie corporate job. The sickness that you carry in you is CURED! Just call yourself Conservative!
You want to #RaiseAmericansRespectfulAgain #RARA lets start at White Frat Boy culture and how much it's influenced the corporate world. Raping women, binge drinking, violence, hazing, intimidation. Dodging accountability! 		But "Boys will be boys" right? 		https://t.co/Tn1kQ3LCw8
I'm giving Elders psychic dominion over children, specifically out of line, disrespectful children. Bad children will be humiliated for not respecting elders.  If the Elder abuses this, the elder will be placed in the childrens' shoes. 		Ase!
Looks like the Catholic school "heros" were harassing Women earlier. I saw the interview too, strained guilty eyes and all. Open the eyes so wide and manic they can't see you lie. I used that tactic as a kid when I did wrong. Lol		#FAIL 		Raise Americans Respectul Again #RARA https://t.co/MdhQ10OhQs
LilChitlin is seething in a jealous rage.
LilChitlin won't be able to do it at all until LilChitlin apologizes to me personally. LilChitlin has been defeated. Quite easily. Without even breaking a sweat. LMAO
She has been siphoning spiritual power from him since her birth, in combination with artificial assistance, creating a machine, essentially a cyborg. 		Power running low now.
She can't satisfy them fully, they always come back to wanting me......#smh 		Look at her go! Appreciate the effort. lmao
https://t.co/hJiFb1OLFf - 2:06 - What's up with his eyes? 		https://t.co/1v111rsZW7 - We live in a society with chaos and violence, with Chicago skyline in the background. 		hmmmm
Similarities between Heru Horus, Osirus and Jesus?
Is it just me or does Trump look like an aged Julius Ceasar and Putin an aged Brutus? 		Wtf.....
People think they gonna shine in a room full of darkness.
Looking right at you and through you at the same time......		Are YOU alright? https://t.co/oXqixihsQt
The thing about #Jesus2019 is that he's a techie himself. 🙏
I don't hate. It's all in the game lol. I'm envisioning #Putin wopping to one of my tracks. 		If he just happens to be doing it at the same time, involuntarily.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Russia invades from the North. Americans flee for safety South........SMACK.....runs right into a WALL.
For those Black People who love Asian culture and practice Asian spiritual beliefs, don't forget the roots. Keep staying disciplined in them, you might discover some MAJOR surprises about the identity of the Laughing Buddha and Gautama Buddha. #peace #Zen
@freedom_moates refer to my tweet about how we place too much emphasis on our Sex lives. What do you believe is the psychological incentive for violence?
Every ecosystem has ways of balancing itself. Animals and even plants can sense distress, it gets recycled, encoded in our DNA. Don't think our global ecosystem doesn't have a way of getting rid of invasive species. Do things feel a bit crazy to you? 		https://t.co/IRia4uFhYH
We here in the US will be too busy worrying about our SEX LIVES or getting social media likes to see a global conflict, were that to happen.
Some poor or ex-poor Black and Latino people might be thinking, "A Chinese run US can't be any worse than what we're going through now!" 		Good point, except you're wrong.  You think they respect Latin America, and their "savage" customs too? Entiendes? 		https://t.co/NF6F7VneI2
The Middle East has oil, China has manpower and an economy that supports the most ambitious construction projects we've ever seen. Once they figure out how to get money from renewable sources of energy, bye bye oil money.....
The transition from a European-dominated economy to a Chinese one will be peaceful. China will run Europe now, but it will be peaceful. That leaves the Americas, which is now in geography, a large series of Islands surrounded by Chinese run territories.
Furthermore, the "Masterminds" of the Zionist movement will forget that China has very little interest in Abrahamic religions at all, so when China takes over the economy of Israel, the "Masterminds" will be too busy in celebration of their triumph to understand what's going on.
If the scenario were to occur, #Putin will be too blinded by being the "KING" that he'll forget that China has over 1 Billion people, good economic relations with Europe, and now interests in Africa.
That same country, with over 1 Billion people, also has "interests" in Africa. 		Black people. Don't do like we normally do and think these World events won't affect us. Wake up and yo hood has Chairman Mao posters all over the walls.
Russia/Zionist plan: Let our President act a fool, take down as many US institutions as possible, cause chaos in our Military........move in. Some other countries that have more than a billion people are watching with eager eyes, so to speak.
I used to have idealogical arguments with Moms all the time. I would take the liberal position of society, while she would ALWAYS fall back on parenting, much to my chagrin. Today, while I still hold firm on my position, I'm holding even firmer on hers. BAD PARENTS MAKE BAD KIDS!
@4point0show a time machine supported and aided by a Russian President, or a cabinet with Zionist ops (cough Cohen) that are cheering him on, while holding knives behind their back....
REGARDLESS, unless you are threatened by violence, you address and talk to an elder with respect. If I even met Donald Trump, I would do so. That smug arrogant smile that kid had on his face would not fly in my household. I would get called out on it. https://t.co/RME1qaUHMm
I'm pretty sure the Roman Empire didn't go after one delusional, crazy man, that SOMEHOW managed to influence events to the point where Earth measures an ERA of time that coincides with his life (BC,AD). He didn't exist, we just wound up in 2019 AD by happenstance....		Sure.....
#Rappers: I have _______....		#Jesus2019: I can take down	 World leaders, criminal empires and crooked regimes using my mind. 		Let's get some perspective here.
I do work that few can understand or see the results of. 		I see it. 		😁
Unless you find a way to build a Magneto helment, the only thing that can protect you from the #Amashaugbuntu is good morals and ethics. 		#Peace
What has taken more lives in human history, religion or money?
No soul comes into this World toxic, this World makes it so. R must take FULL responsibility for his actions, but where is the accountability for some of the PARENTS who SENT their children to him, knowing he would pay them off? This is an inconvenient truth that many don't know.
Don't jump on @Badu because she sees the good in everyone's soul. Compassion gives you the intelligence to understand how bad decisions lead to crime and addiction, and how they spread. 		Plus I'll kick yo ass. Thats Badu we talkin bout.
Everytime they get him, he comes back as Nimrod to get them back. How about combining the two.....,or creating a new one...which is really an old one, has many names across the word, but he's a fan of the "shhhh" sound. #theShaman
Now playing: https://t.co/vNEvVOcEGe
#DystopiaTV cont: The portal is located behind the fridge, but only accessible if you say the group chat code word: "Vrrurrrchrrrp", and buy two apples, 3 limes and a @Sprite from the Storekeeper at this here corner store........in Israel  		https://t.co/oKEobf9UYZ
DystopiaTV: 20 people left post-apocalypse in 20 different places in the World. Somehow they smartphone work, but they keep checking they phone for likes. Somewhere there's a portal taking them to a new Earth, all they gotta do is to get along with each other. Aw Hell gnaw. #FAIL
I bet people would bet the fate of the entire World for some p***y or some d**k. 		*sigh* 		Sorry for the language MLK.
The last time it happened, it took over 2,000 years to recover from the dark ages. 		This time, science and technology has sped up DRAMATICALLY.  There are some cruel large scale weapons out there today. 		We are evolving beyond that violence bullshit. You ready to ride?
Find the Black Jesus (Who is still Jesus mind you) who would come back and be like "YOU cool, YOU cool, YOU gotta die!!"? 		Tell me where you find that guy? Tell me where you would find that Jesus that WOULDN'T want ALL peoples of this Earth to flourish? 		https://t.co/0J3LcFEYKI
You think your city is petty?		We've been in a war between Folks and Peoples. Think about that.  Somebody is probably gonna try to start a third allegiance, called "Humans" just to make this a triple threat. Humans, Folks, Peoples, every single adjective to describe us.....
Lets find the Jesus that cares about a slight increase in tax to help those in need. 		Lets find that guy. 		I'm from Chicago, not Israel. In Chicago, we got the Holy City hood, the Holy Confines, Gangs with temples, goat curses, "EL", ok Chicago is just crazy. Stay away from us.
You mention the name of that country and it automatically turns the mood serious and dire. DAMN! Why not call Canada the holy land? They got free healthcare and the TTC! I bet if the media focused more on what cities in the Middle East HAVE, instead of what was taken away........
Why does it seem like half the people who claim Israel never stepped foot in Israel and are probably never going to step foot in Israel. 		I'm tired of hearing that goddamn word. I really am.
#MniWconi #MamiWata - Find the connection! 		Black to the Hebrew Israelites, this fool had to nerve to disrespect a Native American on HIS land!!! Man, I swear..........*sigh*
You know what makes me sick to my stomach? When followers of Abrahamic religions put down "Pagan" spiritual traditions as if they don't respect the land more than most Christians/Muslims/Jews. 		Since when has a pagan ever bombed people? 		Answer that. Straight answer, no "buts"
For real, Iron Lying Zionists in Ebony flavor, what's up with the lack of Women........got me side eyeing y'all something crazy. #BlackHebrewIsraelites
The Black Hebrew Israelite movement is the Black counterpart to this, just not as funny......... 		https://t.co/eTASrrLNAD
1 - Much of the Black Hebrew Israelite movement is composed of chauvinistic, aggressive Black Al Bundy types, standing around with Ric Flair robes &amp; pissing people off, no actual community work. 		2 - If you're a Christian and a CHILD, you should know how to talk to an elder.
If a Woman tells me to stay away, I listen. #totes
Dreaming of driving down Yonge street without a license with a car I stole from @Drake's video shoot. I'm in the back if you squint at the screen real close. Cheeseborger.
Was the leper that got me, misfocused emotions, automatically assumed he was poor and in need of help when he was the one that set it up, the rest is history. Gets me every time, except now. Saw him on the EL, my eyes gave him the "I see you n**ga, ole two bit hustler ass" look
Never liked the term #Wasted, it makes me feel a bit of regret for all the time and money spent on #Alcohol. Wasted. Think about it.
I will tear this so called fear of the "occult" (Sounds like a group of frat boys in Orange county) down while I sleep.....I might assist myself with a mid-shelf, sulfite-free cup of the Blood of Jesus. 		Refreshing! Tastes good with bread.
#Black #Chicago can get country. Segregation. On some streets out South and out West, you'd swear you're Down South. Mad love to my birthplace, #Southside, love to where I teach in the #HolyCity, #Westside		Can't afford to visit? Watch!	https://t.co/DJm7y1SrS7
Just checking out a Live View of Times Square. Saw an ad for a Broadway play called "Kinky Boots". I got to thinking. If you're into that 70's "Midnight Cowboy", "Studio54" fetishizing....well...there you go.
To even have a THOUGHT of harming a gentle soul like me is an offense. To move forward with that thought is an abomination, worthy of only one outcome....FAILURE! 		#GOSPEL
Almost forgot, on my way to the BaHai temple, a Wolf crossed my path, looked at me, walked away, looked at me, then decided to up and follow me at the last minute. I shoo'd Wolf away though, not domesticated.
Spelling error #hiphop		My bad, I'm tweeting in 4  degree temps F. 🙏⚡❄
#Chauvinism in my wordplay, Hjp Hop definition, is someone who tries to force their will on you, shove, shoave.......	.it's mostly a fear response mechanism utilized by Men, but Women can pick it up also.
This security guard became belligerent when I asked her for her name. I was aggressively informed to not do quiet yoga in a space where no signs instructed me of this. At the #BahaiTemple. https://t.co/4Eajnim0ii
Its entirely possible to recognize our base carnal instinct, redefine it and elevate above it. I see it as the key to opening up the rest of our brain. If we went off carnality alone, Men would still grab Women and have sex with them in public like wild animals or neanderthals.
Those of us who've been around a loving couple can agree that there is a contagious, peaceful warmth and good energy that surrounds them. A good Lady will check his Man's behavior and vice versa. Imagine that energy intensified in pop culture. That's a full scale revolution!
Too often we scoff at the idea that we were "meant" for one person, because it makes us feel rebellious and in control, yet we often become envious of couples that have that level of connection....Something doesn't add up there!
....You might find it refreshing, nostalgic, even motivating, OR, you might get bored by it, which is not negative. That can be a sign that you shouldn't have been in that relationship in the first place. That can be hard to accept though.
.....Now, instead, put all the video games away and don't play any video games at all for a long period. You might find yourself reading, walking outside, meeting people, etc....If you happen to go back to video games, it will be a reintroduction what attracted you to them....
You're a hardcore gamer with a PS4, XboxOne and all the games for it. You get tired of playing with the same games, so you put them away and purchase a Nintendo. For the first few weeks, playing that Nintendo might feel good, refreshing even, but it will get tiring....cont
Nothing wrong with taking a break from your partner, but instead of filling that break with more partners, how about taking a break from sex itself. Metaphor coming in 5,4,3,2,1.....
When I hear about loving couples having bedroom problems, I see issues of stress, communication, trust, emotional stability, due to factors OUTSIDE sex, not sex itself. There are exceptions: Porn addictions, closet homosexuality, etc...that goes back to trust and communication.
A good spiritual connection will overshadow so-called sexual inexperience. Instincts will kick in, sex will flow more naturally. The most understated byproduct of a good spiritual and sexual connection is the length the couple able to go WITHOUT it
IMO, sexual experience shouldn't even be a term in our culture, unless you're referring to one who has never experienced sex. You can't put "10 years of sexual experience with over 100 partners" on a Resume for any actual practical use, unless you're auditioning for porn.
I became obsessed with it, and began to get into the mind state that I had to be the "biggest playa". I had to have the car, the house, the high paying job, which all play into the illusion of having sexual experience. Look at pop culture.
....cont. I lost my virginity to a Lady who was in the latter category. I got shot, so to speak, became too attached emotionally. My frustration of being rejected led me to go on a brief crusade to become a "Master of sex" by sleeping with multiple Women.
Here's a good metaphor		A good longstanding relationship with your partner is like a fun water gun, laser gun, paintball gun fight		Repeated sex with multiple partners can be like having a play fight with actual guns. One person gets shot and now they're attached, or stalking you
"Does this mean that we have to be sexually boring?!" 		NO! Role playing is good, especially between a loving couple. Being the bad guy or bad girl is fun when it stays within the confines of a loving relationship, and trust and respect is involved. That's healthy.
Just as with all gender roles, a Male can have more of a Succubus energy and a Woman can have more of an Incubus energy, and it's not limited to heterosexual relations.
....For Women, the Succubus lives in the shadows, due to our patriarchical society (you don't hear "female playa" too often, though that's changing). A Succubus gets off by quietly "knowing" that she has Men under control, while she often enjoys being "punished" in bed....
...Back to the topic. Those possessed by sexual demons often have powerful positions that can influence culture. Look at all these celebrities that have fallen recently due to sexual abuse. It's more prominent for Men. The Male Incubus demands power, control in a dominant way....
Side note: As a quiet observer who doesn't judge people, I can't count the number of times Women have talked to me about their sex lives with these rotten, disgusted looks on their faces. Or Men talk about being frustrated with "these b**ches" or given chauvinistic dating advice
...People who have become addicted to having sex in this way often have rotten attitudes towards sex, meeting people and having compassion. Having emotion becomes weak, so it becomes easier to lie to yourself and manipulate people (that's just the game right?!)
.....Women often become addicted to the "playa" types for this reason, the same way Men often sleep with the "easy" girls. The ability to be satisfied in bed takes precedence over intimacy and TRUE sexual healing....cont
.....the person who slept with the stronger demon now will be determined to duplicate that experience. Ever heard someone brag about that wild one night stand with that a**hole whom they can't stand, or  a girl or guy they know won't call them back, but "the sex was good"
...cont from last Tweet. Why not capitalize off it? Why not try to end the drug war by doing cocaine, or selling cocaine? If you do capitalize off it, the person possessed by the stronger demon will take it from the weaker one, but its not sustainable, it creates dependency....
.......Cont from last tweet. Often people feel the latter and think it needs to be capitalized off. That's often the sexual demon manifesting in your mind from the energy they carry, or its intensifying yours. The terms incubus and succubus come to mind......
....if you start to feel an erotic, sexual sensation; that's natural, just let it flow through you. Breathe internally. That's tantric energy going through your body. 		If you feel an erotic sensation with a graphic image of you engaging in sex with that person, that's different.
Here's a constructive science experiment.  		People watch (don't be creepy about it). Notice the sensations you get from looking at certain people. Don't worry too much about your sexual orientation, but pay attention to the imagery you see in your mind while watching....cont
You cannot be possesed by a sexual demon and be a true healer, period. You have to rid yourself of it. Once you do, you will gain the ability to see it clearly. Its not the most fun gift in the World...
Ive noticed a disturbing trend among new age spiritual believers that sex can remove a demon from someone, this is only true with a true soulmate or twin flame, and there has to be an intense, long-term emotional connection and follow up for it to work
..With extreme cases like that, it requires either outside intervention from a healer such as an Exorcist, Shaman or Witchdoctor.....or the rare case where someone meets a Twin Flame who can handle it...cont
Extreme cases: Some people are so possesed by it, that they would subconsciously see or hear "sex" in every one of the entries on the list I posted previously (especially if they laugh about it)....cont
How does one remove posession by sexual demons	1. Periods of abstinence/celibacy. If its extreme, this is going to be harder to do. 	2. Disciplined workout, meditation and breathing routines	3. Picking up hobbies	4. Spiritual/Religious practices 	5. Having a loving relationship
There's this false belief that one must "play the field" to discover what he or she likes, when a good partner can help facilitate that.
Victims of sexual predators often pick up demonic posession from an encounter. This is why many victims of child molestation grow up to be molestors. That's an extreme example. There are mild to intense cases of it in the World of casual sex and dating.
....cont. It can be as small as a mental image of themselves engaging in sex with a stranger they've passed in public. (Lustful thoughts) The predatory mindset sees it as prey, while the soul is seeking relief. Many sexual predators are actually charming, nice people
Much like an addict, one under possesion of a sexual demon will seek many partners in attempts to rid themself of it. The need to satiate their appetite begins to subconsciously affect everything they do, crossing into professional and family life.....cont
A person possesed by a sexual demon will often use sex to fool themselves into believing what they're doing is healing others, when it's really their soul crying out to be healed.
Some people have been having casual relations so long, they don't realize the demon they've picked up. When they engage in sex with others, they transfer it. The recipient begins to have strange thoughts, warped, violent, scary thoughts.....
Somebody I know is going to lose their ability to have any form of sexual relations ever.		Oh well. I tried. :(
Jesus and the disciples were trained or learned in Martial Arts and nonviolence. Each disciple was like a chief, in strategic positions and roles...
As far as the Biblical view of Men's behaviors, Jesus and his 12 Hebrew disciplines were set to beat the s**t outta any chauvinist Man coming to Jerusalem looking for drama,   unfortunately Judas was too weak and improperly trained....😞
"When I die I'll have access to all the P**sy in the World" 		*Wakes up in "heaven", smiling. Looks down in draws*		"Wait?! did it shrink?" 		*feels around*		"WHERE IS IT!!!?" 		*Feels around some more, gets a little "jolt"		God: Well, since you asked.......
"I want some P" "Nothing wrong with having P" "I wouldn't mind some P right now" "How about some P?" - Statements I've (and many of us) have heard time to time. 		What if all of a sudden one started to grow inside them. They'd technically get what they want right?		#Amashaugbuntu
White culture psychologically tells you that the idea of "Making love" is outdated and immature, in favor of nasty cyborg sex: (sounds like a Punk band) repetitive, stale, soulless, full of internalized self-hatred (i.e. the phrase "f**k me"), &amp; akin to Karen's potato salad.
Thinking about that last tweet, that actually may work......#jussayin
Next time someone tries to shoot at you, flash a vagina and see if it stops the perpetrator. Let's see if the p***y really has power!!
Think of how ridiculous that statement is, "The p***y has power" If its tongue in cheek, and in crass humor, fine, but if you live by that statement, YOU need help! Reduce a lady to a body part? No a body part doesn't have power over me! I came from one!
The Bible mentions "unclean Women" so much because Jesus knew that the easiest way that Men could be manipulated was through perversion, (or pursuit of the "P" in modern times). Cut out that source of power and down goes the incentive for so many crimes.....
I want the who, what, where, why and when of "I'm supposed to", because I hear that statement a lot, but few people are able to actually justify why!!
...."you're supposed to _______"		Show me where it tells me where "I'm supposed to"? 		I'm looking for those instructions too!!!
Neither the Torah, Quaran or Bible explicitly mention the genitalia of Men or Women. Where can you find these words from God that describe what genitals a Man or Woman has? Where?
"God created Man, and God created Woman" - Did God specify the genitalia of said creation? 		If so, show me explicitly where that's mentioned?
Do you think BC Jerusalem had a census and a modern healthcare system that checked the genitalia of every citizen to determine gender? 		NO! You took the WORD of whoever said it. 		Use logic fools!!!
#Jesus2019 doesn't care about who you sleep with, just don't share every nasty detail with the World. Jesus2019 doesn't care what gender you ID with. He doesn't care what body you have, If you choose a gender, choose it wisely and live by the golden rule.
#Jesus2019 doesn't have as much of a problem with immoral, unethical, unfaithful Women as you'd think he does. 		...............It's just that he's not trying to pimp anymore
I think Zionists have a sadomasochist streak. They want to be dominated in bed by a bigger Man, but they can't get what they want, so they resort to violence, only when they have odds that outnumber the smaller guy. Just my observation of their behavior.
I heard Zionists are capturing Africans in Israel. If I was a pencil neck geek with a relentless chip on my shoulder, and I saw how easy I would get my ass kicked in a fair fight with Black people, I'd be scared too! Little pansy #Zionist!!!	https://t.co/R5vRZGJ806
Damn #Zionists, you can't even take a High School kid and win, poor lil bunnies.....let alone a grown ass Man. This is embarrasing. #LMAO 		https://t.co/Saa65UUPBQ
"#Zionist gets his ass whooped" 		Re-enactment vol 1 	https://t.co/TrdoXnP8G8
Lives.....she been livin a myriad/ 	to her, it's like .....a religion experience/	......bittersweet escapades, holdin on to the night to impress the day/	As she gets up, gets up	Ties a ponytail around her hair, sticks her chin up, chin up	Down to put in work cause she been up...
Sometimes I jump through the computer to give you the message I need to give you as necessary, even with the voice a little hoarse, Shout out to @bombayboyzmusic @EverEvolved @will_is_chillin #Chicago #Underground #HipHop #BombayCyphers 		https://t.co/oQ2bxadYUl
My homie @cwest89 doesn't have this song on Soundcloud:		https://t.co/EyZseZMvyQ		Classic #Underground #Chicago #HipHop best viewed #Live IMO. 		#Listen to #thePond #Mix which you can listen to here: https://t.co/GLvth5xb5R
#Youngstown #EastSaintLouis #Naptown #WestDenver #NorthMilwaukee #NorthMinneapolis #StPaul #KansasCity #QuadCities #CairoIL #Trenton #AtlanticCityNJ #Flint #MniWiconi #Toledo #Peoria #VirginiaBeach #VisitTheUSA
#VisitWest #EastLA #SouthCentral #Watts #Compton #EastLongBeach #WestOakland #EastOakland #Fillmore #HuntersPoint #Richmond #Vallejo #Fresno #Stockton #SanBernadinoCounty #SacTown Black and Latino #SanDiego Black #Portland Black #Seattle #Reno
#VisitDesert cities I have yet to visit. The Barrios outnumber the hoods, but its the same damn thing, but in Spanish. #ElPaso #LasVegas(Step outside the strip and downtown), #Tuscon #Phoenix The reservations scattered about the states. #MniWiconi #Albequerque #SantaFe
#VisitSouth #DadeCounty #NorthMemphis #Cashville #TheCrescentTheNOThe504 #5thWardHouston #AllThemZonesInATL #Decatur #CollegePark #Mississippi #Alabama #Arkanasas #Jacksonville #Tampa #WestSavannah #TheChuck #Richmond I bet they got in one #Dallas #Austin #Louisville #BatonRouge
#VisitEastCoast: #Newark #Camden #WestPhilly #NorthPhilly #SouthPhilly, #SEDC #PgCounty #Bmore #theHillPittsburgh #Roxbury #Harlem #EastBrooklyn #BedStuy #SouthBronx #JamaicaQueens #Queensbridge #Yonkers #StatenIsland #LES #Hartford #Worcester #Buffalo
I wish some of these America-hating international cats thinking our country is all rich and prosperous would visit the hood, and I'm not even talking about just Chicago, how about #NorthStLouis #Detroit #Columbus #EastCleveland(Moms lived there a bit), #Dayton #Cincinnati #Gary
A freak is not a pervert, know the difference.
Reverends should get evaluations like professors. 		....."Reverend has a decent sermon here and there but he keeps focusing on this Gay subject a bit too much".....
Any Church or organization that goes out its way to include anti-Gay statements in its principles has Gay on the mind a little toooooo much if you know what I mean.....
I have the tendency to appear like a small, slender man from far away, til I'm right on you and you realize I'm built like a walking wall.....		#flexinABit #StayFit #Workout
Whoever the next President is, they're going to demolish that wall immediately if it's built. Might as well not waste the money. 😕
#Jesus2019 "Skit" 		Like Jesus2019 just can't up and call Muhammad2019 and Moses2019 on the phone......just a little foreword, just like me, they're all BLACK 		Keep playing pervert Muslims, keep playing pervert Jews, Jesus2019 will crossover religions to whoop yo ass. 		#Peace
I'm not a good conversationalist, I just talk about shrimp all day.
If somebody claims to want to save the World and their entire plan revolves around a target, whether metaphorical or real, that's someone not really concerned with saving the World, that's someone that just wants glory
Real estate costs should be determined by size and scenic location (overlooking parks, views), not by access to neighborhood amenities. Why do we even have neighborhoods without sufficient amenities?
Hanging gardens, decorative lighting and small commercial spaces (cafes, hole in the wall food joint) built into all highway overpasses like the Kennedy expressway. #Chicago
Would be cool if: The Dan Ryan and Eisenhower expressway were covered and converted to linear parks, with shallow rivers in the center for hydro power/recreation
Sometimes I imagine the EL is a hydro-electric boat, floating on warm water, provided by a clean  volcanic spring. 		See, if #Wakanda ran Chicago, that'd be the case!! 		#jussayin
The term "Sex Life" sounds like a stupid game that the perverted, precocious kids would play in middle school.  How we carried this ish into adulthood is beyond me. You only have your life, that's it, just your life.
If Jesus were in 2019, I think he'd realize that his blood already flows through the water supply due to natural processes (cell degeneration, dust, urine, etc), he'd most definitely thank Science for supplying him with that necessary tidbit of information. #MassBaptism
I like seeing the rise of Black, Non-Christian spirituality/religion, BUT, the mannerisms, slang, song styles, speech rhythm and cadences we use (which are Worldwide now) are a direct result of the Southern Black Baptist Church. The Mississippi is the Nile of the Americas.
People so concerned with my bad side......#GTFOH, you best be concerned with #theShaman's good side!!! Ehhhhhhh!!!
The #Underworld will return to its original ownership. I don't know who said that goat was in charge anyway....blah! #theShaman https://t.co/eunkXXigMt
They didn't expect ChooShooByuByuByuThe1st to return. 		Their mistake. The last one they ever made.
cont: Being in the "other shoe", being looked at as a piece of meat and rejecting many Women's advances has given me ammo to fight misogyny. 		Some dudes have gone as far to call me a Woman because of it, 		LMAO! 		I have a penis. I'm just conservative in who has access to it.
cont: I purposely gave them a vague answer to get them off my back. Because of that, I never pursued a friendship with them either. That ain't cute. Women be getting away with little perverted shit like that. I ain't mad, it empowered me to be more understanding of Women's issues
I remember getting accosted in college by two ladies, sat on both sides of me, straight up grabbed my legs and asked me about my sex life, felt creepy as hell, I wanted to headbutt them both, Imagine two Men doing that a Woman.
If you'e ever seen me truly turn up, it's amazing to watch, I can turn a book signing into one of those pre-Superbowl warmups, have you feeling like you're about to go to battle with the forces of evil and WIN, just off my energy......#shhhh
If someone talks to you in a demanding tone and you haven't given them permission to do so, or they're not your parents/guardians, you have every right to not respond to them in any way. 		#Silence
Feeling spiritually vindicated and accomplished. Holding vigil for all those years struggling to keep and maintain good morals and ethics. Holding vigil for years of frustration pinpointing diseases that plague our society. 		I guess you can say I'm a vigilante of sorts :) #Peace
Chicago realness from an underground legend: 		https://t.co/LtmMErzrbn
The problem with Modern psychology is that it sometimes takes too objective an approach in studying sexuality.......you don't just "study" sick perversions such as bestiality, pedophilia, incest, etc.......You find ways to eradicate it! That's where it's failed us.
Right now in Hip Hop, there's a big market for little boys with guns, flaunting millions of dollars, disrespecting Women (or little girls), and putting down "broke" people........funded by old rich White Men........		Black People - How far do they have to go for us to wake up?
The way sex is so fetishized in our culture, it reminds me of propaganda in Science Fiction dystopias where there's a sinister, corrupt group of powerful people determined to "preserve their youth" at any cost.		Then you look at the marketing of sex in expensive products....#hmmm
People talk about this so-called mystical, magical connection people recieve via sex. I think its malarkey. All I've received was heartbreak and frustration. 		Maybe I'm doing it wrong? Regardless, my point still stands. Until I experience it, it doesn't exist in my eyes.
If someone tells you that they can ONLY initiate a sexual encounter through romantic interest and intimate touching/holding, they're not lying. 		Either you're going to do things their way or leave. You can't force them to compromise. 		#Consent
Call me soft, but I could never call someone ugly. That implies that they have a condition that they can't change and they were sent to this World with the intent to be unpleasing to the eye. Impossible! Maybe some people act ugly, but at the core of every soul is beauty :)
White Feminists: I understand what you are saying, I was raised by a Black Woman, but I will also remind you of those White Women smiling for photos while those Black Men hung, and let's talk about Emmit Till........		#jussayin
Respect is default, friendship is optional
@TheSun Put him in my class, my bad ass kids will humble him in a minute
Look at my last tweet about Mexico. 		Numbers. 50%? 		50% of WHAT? What does that mean? You're not making any sense. https://t.co/4FOIbFqvxu
I work in an area given a label by statistics. 		Men and Women lie, numbers don't, but Men and Women know how to manipulate numbers to fit their agenda.....you can't hustle me with numbers.
Maybe I'm missing something, but is there some war going on the South between US and Mexico now? Is this 1847? I'm hearing something about the need for a wall. WTF?!
I'm doing good. 		How bout you? https://t.co/9Y8YCV1Z5Z
Dissolving calcium deposits in my head via Apple Cider Vinegar, Kombucha, Citrus Fruits, lemon or lime water....repairing years of damage due to poor nutrition and heavy to binge drinking		#healing #theShaman
Worship of the Black Phallus is an unspoken contributor to the rise of the tech industry in the San Francisco Bay Area. There's no other reason that area can be so rich and yet have so many poor people. Watch y'all back Sisters and Brothers out West. 		#Peace
If my son came to me and said "Dad, I want to be a penguin!", I'd look at him crazy, shrug my shoulders and say "Well why not?" 		Might be some practical issues, but if the lil n**ga wanna be a panguin, let him be one. Either it's gon work or not work. 		#jussayin #DadMind
#nowPlaying @BigBoi ft @JanelleMonae "Be Still" 		https://t.co/SQm3tvE8t6
Moms has been "Black Lives Matter" AND "All Lives Matter" for a long time. 		Ya'll just ain't recognize people like her. Shout out to all my Militant Black Hippies, true Hoteps. 		Heck, I might do the Hotep Two-Step today. 		F**k you mean?
I differentiate work from labor in that labor is something you HAVE to do.
If I woke up every day with 6 figures or more, I'd be thanking God every.single.hour, heck, minute!!		That's money off the backs of hard working people, not a hard days labor. There's a difference. God has given you this power for a reason. 		How are utilizing it?
Those with the strongest cases of the #Amashaugbuntu and #Macracris will lose their sanity and be forced into mental treatment facilities.
To reverse the #Amashaugbuntu or #Macracris, one has to atone. If one has done another person unjust, they have to seek forgiveness from that person as well as themselves or face sterilization and loss of all libido. Those who've sinned greatly will pass it to others. 		Ase
IMO: Cyphers where rappers are trying to conquer one another get boring, the best ones are where the MCs bounce ideas off each other
I've been thinking that its nearly impossible to "co-opt" a culture authentically and not retain SOME connection to its roots. This is where a rapper such as @Eminem differs from many White newcomers, he pays homage to the roots, and stays grounded in the streets, thats #HipHop
From a "pseudo-scientific" standpoint, SINCERE prayer BEST aligns the hemispheres of the brain, but that's just from observations...		Don't listen to me though. I'm just a nobody. 😀
To have less of an ongoing headache due to my ACA benefits, cannabis, meditation, music, movement, and ESPECIALLY prayer, is a blessing that is a miracle to witness. I am thankful and grateful to be alive. #Hallelujah
When this logo pops up in my head........😀 https://t.co/RoaeSSZDwa
"How will products have value in the future where money practically means nothing?" 		Products will have value based upon their unique artistic and pragmatic solutions.		Such is the Chicago-bred phrase: "Form and Function". 		Such is the function of the Market in Africa.
@TIME Note the position of one eye in juxtaposition to the other......
The basics should be free: Education, Water, Food, Shelter, Clothing. Those are the basics we can agree to. 		I also believe Energy, Healthcare AND Transportation, should be free. 		I don't care what anyone says on this matter. 		Yes, its complex! NO, its not unsolvable.
If you think of "heaven", and freaky imagery pops up, then you need to get out and walk more, meditate. Seriously, you gon mess around and get to "Heaven" with some freaky chicks, and after 1 hour, you'll realize that you're in that same bedroom with those chicks......forever
@227Sanja LOL! Except in my case, Gorilla would be smiling/smirking, but silent the whole movie https://t.co/w5YJnn8YoR
#WhiteThingsYoudKeepInABlackOwnedWorld: Star Wars, George Carlin, Teena Marie, Texas BBQ (Though that was probably co-opted from Mexico or some s**t), Crossaints, Ibuprofen
@4point0show @Askalaunad Also, I believe the Civil Rights generation didn't have the time or ACCESS to study White Culture to see if all of it was worth fighting for or not. They opened those doors for us to learn.
@4point0show @Askalaunad I think they wanted the "rights" and "comfort" that White people wanted, but didn't yet have the intel of how they got it, like we do post-integration. In many ways, us in the Black middle to lower middle class all became "The Spook Who Sat By the Door" so to speak.
I wanna make a movie where scientists have a Gorilla locked in a facility, doing experiments on it, no regard to it's well being......until the Gorilla gets smarter. By the end of the movie, Gorilla escapes with scientists trapped in the facility, 🦍 smiles at the camera, the end
People who go on about the spirituality of sex yet practice no actual spiritual discipline with morals and ethics (that would most certainly go against it) are just perverts trying to find some way to defend or rationalize their immoral behavior.
R.Kelly hasn't asked for forgiveness for his crimes himself, so why is the Church asking the people to forgive him?
She doesn't have a life of her own so she follows me around hoping I can provide one for her.		A grown Woman doing this. A grown Woman. It's sick.
All I require in a relationship is that you be my friend and you're willing to work with me. If you just wanna f**k me, then you're not willing to work with me. If you don't understand what that means, get the f**k out my face...
Nasty ass muthaf**kas
This is evidence why I won't back down when I say that sexual perversion knows no gender. We need to spend as much time fighting it as we do bullying. 		https://t.co/IMXpIu04fY
I never read any of that outdated misogynistic crap in the Bible as indicative of what one SHOULD be doing, but rather it was just a snapshot of what went on at the time.......I don't think Jesus was ever like "Imma have to slap a b**ch", though now might be different, #jussayin
"Excuse me for a minute" - Goes downstairs and I hear moans from a Woman she whispered to earlier. Had I caught what was going on, I would have attacked her like she was a male rapist. How would I have known any different? It's a public place not a bedroom. Would I be wrong?
Money didn't wake you up this morning.
Rap Game is full of high class tricks who are in dire need of intimacy from their "Momma", which is Money.  Look at all the songs worshiping Money, people sleeping in bed with Money, that's not even a metaphor, people ACTUALLY sleeping in bed with Money. How are you an adult!!?
"I f**ked yo b**ch" - Nearly every rapper nowadays (Which is sad in of itself, says rappers can't even keep a girl) 		My response: "I take cash, credit, Paypal, Venmo.........."
If you have to resort to doing your business in public places or need the psychological taboo of sleeping with someone else's lover to get your rocks off, that's not "naughty", that's yo ass is sick and you need help or a break from sex altogether.
This chick picked up another chick right in front of me and seriously thought that would motivate me to sleep with her. Nope! Do what you want with yo body, can't have mine! I just winked at the girl she picked up. Made me look like a pimp 😏 		Never get high on your own supply.
I have a form of ESP. I can't read minds. I can however get a basic idea of the emotion one has, especially emotion towards me. I'm not Charles Xavier. I get frustrated when people think I'm so in tune with them, I know exactly what's on their mind. Pisses me off. Just tell me!
#Confession: I'm very shy in meeting new people. 		If you linger around me expecting me to respond or catalyze a conversation, it's not going to happen. I don't understand why people do that anyway. If you have something to say to someone, you should start the process, not them!
@googIefacts @CDGator3 @227Sanja
I'm a simple guy: Good company, good food, good green, good books, art, music, film, etc.		Why it gotta be so complicated?		 Modesty is dangerous nowadays ain't it?
The eyes always give it away. Put your hand over their faces and just focus on the eyes. Did you know that negative energy can affect the mood and disposition of the people around you? 		https://t.co/IYwtUaOdFV
Why is it considered weak if a guy rejects a Woman's sexual advances? 		It makes it seem as if Men can't control themselves. That's weak to me.		 I don't buy it.
When I'd question her about her predatory sexual behavior,  she'd smirk, lie to my face, play dumb and innocent, almost to wink at me, like it was a game or an elaborate scheme to take something from me....		Thank you God for protecting me from her.
"I can tell that girl is sick in the head" - Mom. 		I listened this time. :)
Nearly every time we met, she'd try to force a sexual encounter. Never worked though. She played off my insecurities, used innuendo, sick, nasty jokes,lied and lied and lied more. People can carry toxic tantric energy. She shouldn't be allowed near children.
She was never able to get what she wanted from me, instead I caught her and went on the offensive much to her dismay. 		If I go to jail for this, at least you'll know the truth. I refuse to back down until she's either locked up or rehabilitated.
How long after the first Tribe conquered, or went to war with another Tribe did someone first say	 "Wars happen! Civilizations get conquered! That's just life!"
In the World of progressive contemporary American White Culture, a party pooper is simply someone who's too serious or "intense", as opposed to a put-on whimsical and comfortable.
Kids in school who are perverts need to be held to the same level of accountability as bullies. They're just as dangerous, if not worse. Early sociopaths. It's not cute at all. I bet Hitler was a pervert. 		I will beat a parents ass over this!
The worst perverts are the ones with their heads down, smirkin, pretending not to notice you, thinking disgusting thoughts. I can sense em. I almost punched a b**ch who tried to purposely run into me, &amp; sick parents sendin youngns at me? NO! Can't https://t.co/Ozlk7IeHpe in hell
I'm sensing she's getting treated like s**t by some no-good dude......I don't take a joy in sensing that though. A sincere apology is sufficient "wrath" enough for me, but they are hard to come by nowadays because of a STUPID sense of pride. Hope she finds her way out of it.
I'm leaning towards having a child via surrogate or adoption. I feel nothing but repulsion and disgust when it comes to sex.		 Thoroughly turned off by it. 		#Confession
"I'm a healer" 		"Heal deez nuts!!!" 		"Well, if you're having prostate problems, you might want to  see a doctor for that one, can't help you there dawg..."
Bad people start twitching uncontrollably around me, faces all contorted, worried. Freaky people start moving like they're lathering soap for a Body Wash commercial audition. Wtf!  		Sigh. Both my eyes have become side eyes. 		 #MyLife 		Lil Exorcist aka #theShaman
"Look at how they acting on Capitol Hill, man them b**ches ain't s**t....." 		 https://t.co/jn4SnsxUc7
Nobody has ever wasted my time.		If it was wasted, it would be gathered somewhere to be re-used. 		Unless youre getting paid by the hour, you're not obliged to work on anyone's timeframe.		Take your time. Do it right!
*predicts someone will take my line about capitalism and compare it to my last tweet. 		What are the similarities and differences between my approach and capitalism?
One of the coldest squads ever, even if we don't all get along....bah, I don't give a f**k really...		 Just shut up and enjoy this slice of #Classic  #Underground #ChicagoHipHop #ThePond 	https://t.co/GLvth5OLXp
I acknowledge my nigganess but I put my Blackness first. I take pride in that. I take pride in overcoming adversity, NOT victimization. Learn the difference! 		I feel no need to reiterate that I'm a Human either. I think that's a given. That's for the Alllivesmatter crowd.
BLACK PEOPLE: Some of our Brothers and Sisters on "The Streets" LOVE working on the enemy's dime.		Don't let these "Real niggas" lead you down a path to destruction. 		What's their endgoal?		 If it includes themself on a pedestal by themself then you working for them, not unity!
The problem with White capalist culture is that it implicitly and psychologically commands, tells you,  "YOU want what WE have!!!! Feel free to choose from what WE have to offer!" It doesn't ask the question "Do you want it? Alternative?" 		Not true freedom. That's manipulation.
This ain't no game!! 		https://t.co/0XKwVYHkMM
If I were in the Marvel Universe, I'd beat the piss outta every villain while "Reasons" by Earth Wind and Fire plays in the background...
These two corrupt, sick, perverted, no life having zombies I got chained to me gota me feeling like ole girl from walking dead.
How do you fight violence, sexual assault and perversion? Hold perpetrators accountable, make them unnattractive, unable to be rewarded via sex. Shame them, isolate them, surround them. Remove the stone so the World can smell the stench. 		#Amashaugbuntu		https://t.co/JGbh5lDQ3S
The religion or spiritual practice one gravitates to is going to be largely determined by the "personality", so to speak. Whether that is due to the personality of the geography, the personality of the culture, or personality in general, all are expressions of God. #Peace
I will put a vagina in the meanest, hardest, grittiest son of a bitch in a World, then I will put him to work on the streets, slap my logo on his ass.....Don't f**k with me. If you do f**k with me, #GoodMorning!!!! #Peace #DENT #Amashaugbuntu
Don't listen to me, I'm just a nobody :)
.....(Vishnu/Krinisha Era), (Ra/Thoth/Horus/Osirus/Seth/Etc era), (Mt Olympus Era), (Asgard), etc These myths manifest into real life counterparts. resurrected deities. For the first time in Human.History., they are ALL back at once! That is a miracle in of itself.
What we know as Christianity is the first religion, yet it had no name back then, its practice is most similar to Vodou. The teacher returns in cycles, every new cycle has an addition, some of them more notable than others (Moses Era), (Jesus Era), (Muhammad Era) (Buddha Era)
@pulpitpenblog Fo sho you riiiiiiiighttttt!!!
God has a plan for you, it's starts with you getting a notebook, a pad or a piece of paper and brainstorming on different ways you can help yourself and the World. Prioritize what's most important and work from there. 		Pray, and you'll get a little help. 		#Peace
The same #StreamingService approach for television can be applied to Internet radio too, but with a more democratic approach, bring scaled ratings back. Likes and dislikes are too basic for a thorough breakdown.
What I miss about network television was a unified sense of what the zeitgeist of the day was, even if it was slightly manipulated. We can build on the former and do away with the latter approach. Award shows had more legitimacy for instance.
#StreamingServices should team up with other streaming services and make streaming service bundles, kind of like old school cable. Pirating is going nowhere. You can either think of it as theft or publicity. 'Incentivize' the bundle with News or special programs unique to it.
6 + 6 + 6  ≠ The Devil		6 + 6 + 6 = 18		1 + 8 = 9 = #OYA 		Any number that is all 9s will always equal 9. 		Tonight drink Red Wine.
White folks be thinking I'm satirical when I speak in Ebonics. That'll be yo last fault...
When people get to #Babblin #DieBabylonDie https://t.co/LpfIcypubg
I make chauvinistic dudes mad, I laugh at em like "Wow girl!" Get em heated, make em throw in the towel girl.	The only way another guy is going to be "on top" of me	.............. is reverse cowgirl.		#DENT
#Saints: Do you know you can send sanctified psychic signals back through all channels of satellite communications?		Pull up some Live streams today around the World and use your mind to spread the good word.
People will put bars over flow until they rap for a crowd that can't speak the same language.
My new philosophy: 		If you wanna compete with me, you better be ready to sleep with me.
I bind the spirit of #Mathematics in #Jesus name. #Amen.
Jesus is the CEO of the Grassroots God Coalition, so to speak. Jesus is looking for a chief financial officer to change the way we think about Money, Wealth, Health, and Prosperity. #StreetsAndSoul
You know the goddamn chant! 		#Wakanda #WakandaForever @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/CAFlF8lqzw
I should have done a drug PSA commercial in the 80s lol		#SniffDatCocoaLeaf #anti #drugs #cocaine #heroin #pills #freestyle #offTheTop #flow #drums #rhythm #skill #love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/ube4LybazI
#GyeNyame
#Hymn for the #Struggle #BlackPride #GoodMorning https://t.co/4mfb9GKf6i
#Saints: Please say #Hallelujahweh either with "Yah or "Jah" and get these creeps out mi 'ead.
"I have to give him my fortune to save myself AHHH!!" 		"Once I give him the money, he's mineLOL!!"		"Let's get him hooked back in" 		That is NOT the motivation for the highest level of Maimonides’ Eight Levels of Charity. 		Again, I'm no Torah specialist, but still		#jussayin
I feel as if there are a lot of Jewish investors who want me to partner with them to adhere to the highest level of Maimonides’ Eight Levels of Charity. I'm no Torah specialist, but I don't think it works like that.
1 schlong rule. I have one already. Thank you.
I'm the 'wear the pants type of dude' in the relationship. I'm old school like that, no matter who I'm with. Me no budge on that one.
What profession is above a teacher?
"You nasty, dirty, low-life stank."		- #Moms referring to Women who record themselves having sex.
#NowPlaying, a slept on track from #Native #ATLien #SleepyBrown 		https://t.co/4nIZjyGFkC
#Atlanta - racist ass crackers wanted that city to be the white capital of the World before it was burnt down. Be careful that you don't inhabit THAT energy of the land, energy lingers and knows no race 		 #peace
#truth @ Hip Circle Empowerment Center https://t.co/TEh6udc2HB
https://t.co/CbqHynOmfK
There is no such thing as #Satan, #FalseProphets created to try and take down the true king, the #humble #King, #theGoodSheppard 		⛪
Hallelujah = allah + el + al + lu + ah + jah + yah + ya + ha 		😂😂😂
#buttermilk
https://t.co/s19mVki72v
#BRRRRR 		https://t.co/P5lFyGaxaU
RT @gucci1017: December 7th #EvilGenius 💰💰💰 https://t.co/z517xtmhRg
Hey @realDonaldTrump, feel this Woman's pain. Imagine your Mother running across the border from tear gas. Imagine your German ancestors running from tear gas. https://t.co/mDSTiD47MS
@gucci1017 You ain't the only one. LMAO!
#China stop trying to clone people. 		#idiotas
Thank you @HFGEvents and especially #HannahFrank for lending me this cool #Guitar. I was never taught how to play an instrument in school, so I'm learning the ins and outs of the sound it… https://t.co/i6A17TxjJI
#Amashaugbuntu
God is good! Listen to my friend #HannahFrank @HannahFrankSong profess her love for God. #Hallelujah! 		https://t.co/dyNlvnD2iW
....and yeah he gets along with Moses, quite frankly, its just a matter of time and place and getting schedules synchronized, that's all.
#Brohammed story. My homie has a real deadpan sense of humor, gets irritated easily, but is one of those "reach the breaking point" type of dudes. When he does, the rage is so over the top, hurting himself or destroying equipment in comical ways. Eyes buggin all out and shit.
Y'all probably ain't met #Brohammed, and you probably won't. Check out his web development and graphics at https://t.co/TaSE5ZAQMi 		Note: Contains imagery and non-depictions.
Why still pursue her then?		Duty. 		If she has to go, I'll be the one to do it. #jussayin 		#theShaman
The meek shall inhabit the Earth. 		"Who shall rule the Earth then?" 		Earth.
This #HannahFrank I dig: 		https://t.co/hyyJuM6u86
I never knew #MaryMagdalene had such a problem speaking up for herself &amp; she's supposed to be a #Feminist icon? All I see is a chronic #Liar, the type who will lie about being sick to get you to sleep with her. @HannahFrankSong
"Who do you think you are?" 		The Man you're not having sex with.....bye.
I want a Woman with the courage to tell me what's on her mind. "I don't know where to start" is not a valid excuse. Don't try to body language me into sex either, I find that insulting to my intelligence. If you can't speak up, #NoConsent.
Who does she like, you, or sex? 		The latter she can get anywhere. The former, she can only get with your consent.
I always thought "I'll f**k your girl" is a roundabout way of saying you'd like to be a cuckold. Seriously. I don't want anybody else's girl. "Yours" denotes ownership, so you're actually seeking validation for him, like you're a John or a trick.
I made the mistake of sleeping with a Woman who was having issues with her boyfriend. Didn't end well, I'm not down with jump-roping into someone else's stank double dutch game. Ewww.
I have no problem with a Woman I like sleeping with other people, but how's its done is the problem. If she's arranging you around other sexual encounters, or plotting to sleep with other people while with, its like she's taking the gift you're giving her away to others
"Make sure that you bring my stallion back to my stable"
1st verse. 		https://t.co/aNQkmZFwOO
The less overtly romantic you act while you're around her, the more it will work. Make it look like you're NOT a couple, and she's your friend or business associate.
The key is to outlast her, never give her sex until she stops sleeping around. 		 If she never stops sleeping around with other people, she was never meant for you. #Leave		If she finds true love, again, she was never meant for you #Leave		Have fun with it.
Fellas: If you have a lady that wants to sleep around with other people and not just you, and you object, don't get mad, do this: 		Next time you're in public, make like you're selling the girl you're with - body language. If she winks at someone else, wink with her and smile. :D
If I was in #Wakanda, I'd be the #trainer for the #DoraMilaje		Why?		I have no mercy in speaking my peace to Women. I will knock a Woman on her ass just as much as I will a Man...if I have to.		Momma taught me to respect Women, she also taught me that respect earns respect.		:)
In #conversation, always pay attention to the #eyes, they always reveal #true #intent #message #work #worship #people #truth #justice #law #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/s5VojpQ7HW
Follow my good brother @brothabinary
Facial expression like "Man, if you don't get that bulls**t outta here......imma....I swear to God......" 		https://t.co/S7VQeWmcMO https://t.co/3kE5Wl94IS
https://t.co/atieBQuceb - @Drake
https://t.co/pcEg1ulxvV - @kendricklamar
"This is stuff I've already known"		Then why didn't you tell anybody?		#SpreadKnowledge
"#Ṣàngó teaches us that there is still a chance to change and redeem oneself after a lifetime of mistakes. Changó is a loving and fiercely protective father orisha to his children"		https://t.co/2CAJDpcKk2
Is #Shango #Yellow #Tan or #Bronze? 		Why not? 		https://t.co/VScYGd8RLa https://t.co/hMGzmzZfXA
#Amma: The original sky God, symbolizing both male and female, also called #Amen - Amma, Momma		#Nommo: Ancestral spirits that have two genders. Representative of life itself, ommo, home, homosapiens.		Shut yo Dog gone mouf!!! :D		https://t.co/bSSorQTTxy
#Omo - #OmShanti - #Shantytown
The Black Man, The White Man, the Black Woman, the White Woman, - and any shade of human skin		all from #Africa or #Alkebulan		before #Alkebulan it was called #Omo - similar vowel sound in "Home".....
#Africans were and still are of all #shades 		https://t.co/VScYGd8RLa
I bind the spirit of progress in Jesus name. Amen
#Ikenga (THE KING!) was the "know it all" that believed that he could operate outside the village (God/Time). Instead of submitting, he continued to try to find his way out of his responsibility, sometimes stumbling into progress by accident, until now. 		#Hallelujah #GyeNyame
#IKENGA - the original #WhiteMan https://t.co/jOpyA4Dj9c
Igbo - Ego. 		Yoruba - Aura, oura, ura ,or, hours, Horus....
Update: 	Yoruba of Nigeria - Orisha "O" being the symbol of God. #Omega.		O will reach ya, or reach "her"		Igbo of Nigeria - Alusi "A" being the symbol of God. #Alpha.		A will lose i, or lose "he"		This is why I don't bang, cause everybody wanna join a side.		:)(:	(::)		#GyeNyame
#Igbo term for Gods.  - #Alusi		A lusi - lose 		A loosie (Chicago slang for loose square) 		Square that was lost from the rest of the structure, but ultimately still, a square. 		a Lucy @kendricklamar 		 https://t.co/qyTG7IZ3FG
Wisdom can't be be willed. It has to be learned, and it's bound by the laws of time. The Laws of time are the only laws that can't be broken. We may be able to time travel in the future, but we will never stop our own aging process. #FACTS
@gucci1017 "Offerings of things like yam, cock, wine, kolanuts and alligator pepper are sacrificed to it" https://t.co/bwUApFG0we
"sorry, but.........." https://t.co/fAz3aiuPIR
https://t.co/bwUApFG0we
#TheDevil #Satan #Baphomet and #Lucifer were all #culturalAppropriations of #Ikenga. There is no such thing as a God of wisdom. #Time is the God of wisdom. Ikenga is the God of honest achievement. An honest achievement is an #Innovation. #Orisha
This was appropriated into the icons of evil some people worship today. The original intent was lost. Those evil names don't exist anymore, so don't even say them. They give my homie #Ikenga a bad rap. #Ikenga #Keng #King. #Kings are wise, humble rulers. https://t.co/bwUApFG0we
Why do all the horned Gods have the same "I wanna f**k something" expression? Eat some grass or something, take a cold shower.  https://t.co/mJxAf7IoA7
What you know about #Anansi the spider https://t.co/Odu7CmA4SC
Shout out to good brothers #Thoth, #DNickTheMicrophoneMisfit and #Ra, #RayOfLight, the #MicrophoneMisfitz Know them, because you will. 		https://t.co/0XYH9120Tu
I bind the spirit of laughter in Jesus name. Amen.
"You've never been approached by golden eagles, vultures that'll scope and feed you, no corpse just leave you..."		#ShoutOut to my good friend @HannahFrankSong https://t.co/3e9j5xLtGg
My #Ghanian #stepBrother is #theSphinx 		https://t.co/1lLBsfT3KC
https://t.co/VmTF7WWZdW
I'm just the guy going "take a look around you". 		I'm just as amazed at the miracle as you are.
Written across the skyline 		#juxtaposition #nature #crafts #craftsmanship #detail #color #peace #love #Respect #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/4p4CyYIPnP
#Ṣẹgun
RT @segundent: Anyone who tries to prove that theyre smarter than somebody else will lose. Stephen Hawking helped me out with that one. 		:)
#Mythbuster: The #Dragon was nothing more than an African #Lion with some clothes on. Scared the hell out of the people though, they never saw nothing like that in their neck of the woods #theEast
Hopefully, diplomatic relations between the #UnitedStates and #SaudiArabia go peacefully. 		#MerryChristmas @ T.J. Maxx https://t.co/8LznanX2nX
Whattup #Atlanta
I'm not a fan of #Smoked #Salman, but I'll make an exception. 		#Meshuga!!
What's the sure fire way to remove demonic possession?		#Prayer
Why did the Rabbits lose the race? 		Because they're rabbits and rabbits have habits.
Contrary to a widespread, #newAge, but rrecycled #cult belief, you cannot remove demons through sex in of itself. It has to be between two souls meant to union. Otherwise, demonic energy just jumps from one host to another. Jumping, jumping, but never resolute.
https://t.co/BVSuopMnS0 		Canaan - Chicago		Just like Canaanites, Chicagoans can take homerism to obsessive levels.
Avoid #Monolatry.
To #tekashi69, lil bro, lil bro, lil bro, bro bro....What do rappers do when they backed against a wall?  They speak on injustice.		#wordsOfWisdom
Lets see if #Lazarus aka #JoaquinDanteVasquezDuran aka #0cto5quid has what it takes to free himself, lets see if he expresses gratitude for who, what, why, where, when, and how he was raised.....or.....if he doesn't, he can forever remain a #cabrón		The choice is his.
Why are there so many jobs being offered with no description to what they are? Consulting solutions at ________ Consulting what? Solving what?
I had a friend from Wisconsin that told me about how her Mom thought her house was possessed by a Demon........		Friend from Wisconsin........let it go.
Wanna take a #Trip with me? Watch this video:  	https://t.co/dR944oBf1l		Tandem with this one:	https://t.co/YmWlw1NpEZ		And put on dash cam footage of cities, or aerial footage.
Ever see someone come up to you wide eyed like "LOOK AT THIS! LOOK AT THIS! SO AND SO PUT A POT OF SUCH AND SUCH UP _____. CAN YOU BELIEVE IT!!! A POT OF SUCH AND SUCH UP _____!! UGH!!! A POT OF SUCH AND SUCH UP UP _____!!!" or they joke and laugh about it. What is on their mind?
Avoid people who go out their way to vividly describe gruesome or disgusting details of a horrible incident. If you do decide to engage them, watch their eyes, see if they are focusing on the details itself, rather than the tragedy. The Devil is in the details.
Red decorations, green pine trees, night backdrop...		#PutItTogether #AfricaWillFollowYoAssEverywhereYouGo
"But we wanna keep throwing our lil #StankParty on Dec, 25!!"		"YEP! DATS MAH BIRTHDAY! :D"		"Wait, but your birthda....*SMACK*.....yep, that's your birthday."  		:)
#Segun is #Yoruba for "God is the victor", or "god is victorious" or "victory"? 		Two dots are supposed to go under the "S" and "E" to signify the phonectic "sh" sound. I'm too lazy to… https://t.co/tSaVR7wQZ3
Good read: https://t.co/lqH3STiyfx
#TheBodyOfChrist includes everything outside the #Body as well. The body is essentially a vessel for that energy. This is the premise of Nikola Tesla's research. As above so below. As outside, so within.
The goddamn snake was the innocent one. Adam and Eve both #guilty.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. https://t.co/oT3oibvyJb
#Memory #BrainExercise #Thought #Nostalgia #Family #Setting #Mundane #Details #EverydayLife is #Beautiful #Enjoy #Life #Message #Peace #Love #Respect #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/66uzrCuoiG
Jezebels are all fun and games til they plot to kill you. Fellas, be safe out here with some of these Women. If you've bever met her, and she is acting too nice, and things seem too good to be true, it is.
#midwest #prairie #rustbelt #industrial #nature #metropolis #bucolic #melancholic #photography #artistic #serene #gritty #beautiful @ Chicago metropolitan area https://t.co/9Fn93YeQzu
Play some secular music for God's sake. Stop acting like World doesn't exist. Clean versions exist. 		*Sigh*
All this ESP I have and I still can't figure out what goes on in y'all Ladies minds. *Sigh*
Put Jesus in front of your own last name, like Mr. Or Mrs.		 Watch the magic happen.
Karma works on its own.
Youth can only outsmart elders temporarily. #FACTS		 I enjoy the attempts tho, its entertaining, keep it up :)		🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽		 :)
#Saints: You may have breached the point of no return on your patients psyche, where "Bad" has been conquered. From this point, stay on them so they don't hurt themselves, or lead them to help		 :)
#Intent is hard to prove. This is why intuition is necessary. Prayer heightens intuition.
If you're showing thighvage, and your inner dialogue is saying "f**k me", that's different than simply showing off the beauty of your body.		 #MomFeminism
"I bet you know God now"
The crest 		#Chicago #Evanston #Waves #Rocks #Water #Lifeblood #Libation #Nature #movement #photography #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/ICbbmY0FLK
Anyone who tries to prove that theyre smarter than somebody else will lose. Stephen Hawking helped me out with that one. 		:)
"If I was in Voodou I'd use the name 'Papa Segba'" 		Moms: "That's silly, I'd just use your name."
I made a new Mix, this one is for the Morning. I hope it can inspire someone to wake up and feel good. 		https://t.co/BhywPB4UFQ
I can get a decent amount of welfare money for food and the basics, but if I commit a crime, you'll spend $30,000 a year on me to lock me up? 		What message does that send?
#Saints: Arm yourself against sarcasm with this spell. This includes fake laughter by uncomfortable people. The acronym will force their true emotion to show. https://t.co/ZWQGplrGVU
I would like to see your reaction if someone were to call you a myth. 		ORLY?!!
Atheist community: Jesus is a myth. 		#FALSE
#rapping my #verse from #endurance off #wackLossDietVol3 	Check out my soundcloud at https://t.co/iTnt1awTx6 		#chicago #underground #hiphop #choppin #styles #rnb #pop… https://t.co/ectK5TDRHo
#LilDicky's facial expression is of a kid expecting an ass whopping. Look at that shit, I can't take that shit seriously.
Shout out to #Elegal and #TheMicrophoneMisfitz 	https://t.co/MRHnK3h0R1
#LilDicky #KinkyHairedAryan Listen to this shit, this is #Blackface 	https://t.co/olrbcGZDVb
I personally think #LilDicky is a #Zionist #Op
Legba - Black and White. Shango with a suit on. https://t.co/9TnqFkY7EY
https://t.co/GJDvurxdrz
Ase
Just as #Dent is to #TheShaman
just as #Jesus is to #Nimrod
#Shango is to #Legba as #Horus is to #Osiris #AsAboveSoBelow
https://t.co/W380rvafFr
Check out this #OffTheTop #Freestyle I did over production by @frekwenzybeatz https://t.co/km2N4Ysh0j
#SarcadmAscramdDasmacr
https://t.co/yZi66n8OQd
Wanna piss off your nosy or noisy neighbors, play this loud, or soft. 		https://t.co/MNqIjPrUxk
1920's roaring 20s. Mob takeover, recession, war. 		We're not doing that again.
Something around the 18-mid 30's year age makes people think they're rulers of the Earth or some shit.
Me and Moms is cool, but we both agree this nosy bitch got to go, we're taking turns deciding who will be the one to do it.
This crazy sex fiend b**ch is gonna get us all killed. I can't stop the broad, so somebody else wanna kill her for me? 		I mean that in a nonviolent way of course....open season.
I have a Thanksgiving present: I recreated my Chill-Night-Mix on Youtube.		 Put some headphones on and zone out. #Peace 		https://t.co/FBbKMWVflg
Making this bread with red wine in hand.
White Men (or anybody else) who look at me like a piece of meat, you get #butterslapped every time, whether the palm or knuckles, #PWAO, cross yo face, turn you into #butter 		#SaintHands 		these hands was never fascist, but a slap a bitch, all gender inclusion
Wash yo stankin ass perverts.
#Babylon is when #Perverts thought they could coexist peacefully, there's no room for that, never was.
I was there during that period of Babylon. Just the imagery of the cities evokes a strange, warm eerie sensation, kinda warm, but unpleasant, I understand the need to contain that energy, I respect the dress code #Islam
I might make this honey glazed garlic indonesian chicken.
#Moms threw an onion at my head, then threatened to crack my head with a bottle of white wine, but wants me to help her in the kitchen?  #jihad
If I was a transgender Woman, I'd be like "perfect cover", with all the violence against Women and Gay Men in some of these Muslim countries, I'm surprised Gay Men don't just start dressing in hijabs as Women. The strictness, the strictness.
40 Virgins? I be thinking that yall be hiding more transgender people than any other religion with chadors, burkas, and robes. All you see are the eyes. #jussayin
Oh, I'm shining my foot to go up in that ass in the name of #ALLAH
Bitch ass wannabe martyrs of Islam.
The Orishas are incorruptible, they might kill you or eat you like a goat, but they'll let you know why. Its a circle that operates like a family. 		A #cypher
Orishas, Male, Female, Androgynous all share the responsibility for the #Body, which at the end of the day, is most important.
There's no official text for Vodou or Voodoo or Vudon or Vodun because tradition was passed on orally, not in writing....So remember those rap lyrics along with your homework.
https://t.co/JPSTwd55LW
The first religion of humanity is #Vodou
I won't even say that bastards name, nor recognize his movement. Just as I won't his less famous dutch cousin in Africa. Let them get swallowed up in the stories of triumph and human resilence. 		We live. We live. 		L'chaim
Do tinfoil hats beam in anti-semetic Jewphobia or something? 		"JEWS CREATED MOSQUITOES!! JEWS CREATED COLD WEATHER!! JEWS CREATED CLIFFS!!"
There's always some scraggly old man like #JordanPeterson telling others about masculinity, when he looks like he couldn't fight an apple into a plastic bag. Respectfully, shut yo old ass up.
When you're raised and cultured in the language and customs of "I have the money", its easy to scrutinize others who aren't.
#Jews: Where you be at?		I be on these streets and I don't be seeing yall mystery people at all, with the exception of my friends and Sarah Silverman.		 She's cute, I see her.
If someone hurts me, or my family, it's the fault of the person who did it, not an entire ethnic group. 		Accountability
Real Muslims have every right to call out Fake Jews, Real Jews have every right to call out Fake Muslims. Goes w every religion. Hold people accountable.
#Message to #Muslims #Islam #MiddleEast #Peace #Love #Respect #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Albany Park, Chicago https://t.co/zqphr9KSTa
#NativeAmericans		#AfricanAmericans were FORCED to tend this land for 400 years, so how do we not have a stake in claiming it? 		#FuckTheBloodQuantum
#GoodMorning #Chicago 	#CosmicScatting #infiniteStyles  #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago metropolitan area https://t.co/rTOtoBMcdR
Its the return of a pimp named #Buttaslap		Meaning? 		These hands was never steady but a slap a bitch
ALL my body parts have a halo.
#Message to that #lady that's stalking me. You're making it worse for yourself. @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/fNXAN635sT
#PastLifeVision 	Rio: a long time ago. Quiet beaches, statues, 6 ft tall, Aztec?, I don't know. Warring tribes, one tribe drew the other up the hills, slaughtered most of them, held just enough survivors as hostages, trapped up the hills, where the current day Favelas are.
for #KimJongUn 		https://t.co/YAJ9qrvLHL
The tradition is more important than the text.
Let's just say "if" we expand into other star systems or galaxies, picture this scenario. If it's your first time visiting some new planet, you greet the ambassador and they tell you about their worship of "Makoooooowwooo"....		 you better respect Makoooooowwooo
"Rumors of my demise have been greatly exaggerated" 		#mood #focused #alive #grateful #awake #selfPortrait #artistic #filters #art #warm #colors #fall https://t.co/bptGkLBNIM
"I'll befriend the drug dealers, why?, cause they're cooooool		I won't actually check em or call em out for poisoning the community, I'll play it safe" 		#ColonizedLatinoJesus
I AM the blood quantum.
#SprayPaintOnThePrairie 		#Chicago #SouthLoop #Nature #Urban #photography #Prairie #composition #graffiti #SouthLoop #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ South Loop https://t.co/2vq4saBiYD
Confession: I don't drive, I used to have dreams upon dreams of me ramming my car into things, scared the s**t out of me.
"But they worship a coyote, how can that be a religion?"		Bet that Coyote be there long after we die....#jussayin
Jesus is the enforcer.
I'm violent? I'm watching someone flay a turkey on live TV.
Religion is spirituality with discipline, each one speaks to a different type of person, like different styles of #MartialArts
There's a magnetic field surrounding #Earth. It keeps us safe from asteroids, invaders, the Sun, etc. Religious people have domain of it, so if that goes.....		#AsAboveSoBelow
A whole crowd of people punching their fists and stomping at the same time is more effective than just walking. 		#Protest
#Protesters: Punch your fists and do your death stare at the enemy. Make it look like you're ready to fight to the death, but don't provoke.
I'm on the other side of that fun koom bay yah diversity		Anybody can get it.
If #Moms sees a Black girl disrespecting a White elder, she'll slap the shit outta you too. Unconditional with the hands.
Revelations was a snapshot of what COULD happen. 		Let's play nice.
Piss the Mother off, Yellowstone goes boom...		That's all I'm saying on that matter		:)
Everytime I hear rappers rapping about guns I picture weak hands barely holding on to the handle, little fingers flailing about....
"Whatever doesn't kill me makes me stronger" - what you thought it was a metaphor?
Keeeeep on hatin!!!!!!
Damn joe I cam footwork now!!
Saints: You can do the same you know. Lets "Heal" 		The more peaceful you are, the less they can do. Watch em  walk around with their head down.
I.Will.Stomp.A.Muthafucka.Out.		Fuck with me and lose, or die, no other option.
I pick up the angry energy of everybody I heal, killers, assassins, drug lords, etc.....		I pray away the bullshit, keep everything else....		Put it together
Good Morning! https://t.co/du9EHV7mzS
I don't think people realize how fast, strong, nimble and surgical my hands, knees, elbows, and feet are.....
You can only get my mojo if I give it up willingly. Even if you snatch it from me, it won't work correctly so don't even try it you sick bastards.
Some people pose nude tastefully and others do it while thinking of some raunchy stuff. The latter is not just in pornography, it's in advertising, and it doesn't necessarily have to be nude either. It sales though.
Did you know that in #Lakeview  #Chicago, there was a pit of #Reptiles? #Chicago #Neighborhood #Facts #Mural #photography #art #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/pX5vENTiYZ
"Babble babble babble babble you're jealous of us cause we have money babble babble babble"*		*appropriates away, making sure to stay FAR away from people without money, cause who likes them?		#theRooster and #theWeasal
#thePerpinMary, when cornered, will babble endlessly, in attempts to divert the attention away from her parasitical pursuits as she looks for a place to roost"
*points at a picture of White Women smiling and posing for a photograph while two Black Men hang, lynched* 		"Yeah.....but" - #thePerpinMary
"Black Lives Matter is good business" 		#thePerpinMary
#ThePerpinMary 		Perpetrator, appropriator, culture vulture, as long as things are all in good fun, cheery, and mischievous and Women, *cough* White Women, are in control.
#theRooster 		Young, virtous feminista White Woman, cool with diversity as long as she has the final say in it, needs control.
#theWeasel
"I stay in Logan Square, the center of the Universe, it has White people now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 		#ColonizedLatinoJesus
"You definitely won't catch me using ebonics, unless it's cool and for "my career", then I'll say 'nigga' awkwardly all I want...until I get the pronounciation right. Then you won't know the difference 😉" 		#ColonizedLatinoJesus
"I'm going to be the face of change: hip, young, white trendy. If I happen to need to flex my Latino card, I'll do so. If I have to appropriate within and flex my Black card too, I'll do so, but only when convenient and comfortable."		#ColonizedLatinoJesus
"Hey this White success thing is cool, get with it, you don't have to be like mi abuelo, who landscaped his ass off around the clock to afford the suburban home I was raised in. Be cool like me. No need in working hard w ya hands, that's lame!"		#ColonizedLatinoJesus 	.
#ColonizedLatinoJesus hangs out in all the cool spots, is hip, vegan and in tune with all the new trends of White culture.
#ColonizedLatinoJesus believes in "Tradition", as long as it's séen through the lens of a White structure.
I believe that many #Black people Worldwide would like to join the #Latino fight, but we need to see that we won't become "EL Niggero" or "La Niggera", because in Central and South America, Negro is not looked upon favorably. 		Am. I. Wrong?
If there isn't a conspiracy to halt progress of Black people worldwide, may God strike me down with lightning.
Moreno, hak gwai, moulinyan, all corners of the globe. Everywhere you see the darkest shades, you'll find the most poverty.
What's lower than "Nigger"? 		You could be in a majority white (or sometimes nonwhite) country where an ethnic group is being oppressed, and members of that oppressed ethnic group will still call you nigger.
My "light skin", (which looks dark compared to White paper, but for conversation purposes), grants me the privilege of allowing White people a few more seconds to see who I am.  Wow! 		Imagine me pretending not to be Black, how the hell would I do that? 		How?
Show one country in the World that ISN'T majority Black, that DOESN'T have some sort of racism, whether its violence, a racial caste system, or systematic oppression. 		#Racism is a Worldwide epidemic.
No insult in this World is more low than "Nigger" (or any translation of the word e.g. "Kaffir") The word itself is a weapon used to stunt Black mobility, Black progress, Black growth. If you're White, Asian, Latino, Gay, Trans, you can always count on a nigger being lower than u
A #Transgender Man or Woman may or may not be misgendered. 		A nigger is still a nigger. 		No comparison at all.
"Gay is the new Black" - The hell it is......You can do anything with anyone you want to behind closed doors, you can't hide the fact that you're Black"
WHY DO YOU NOT LIKE IT?!!! WHATS YOUR PROBLEM! BE LIKE US! ARE WE NOT HAPPY! ARE WE NOT HAPPY!! BE LIKE US!! https://t.co/Rsgmljojxt
I'll be offensive (not that's it's ever stopped me before), sometimes around cheery White folks, I feel like I'm in some sci-fi dystopia where everyone is trying to eat me, putting on smiles and pressuring me, so I can be lured to my death. #LBS
Getting someone to "Come out the closet" to help them is different than "Come out the closet and join our group, validate us, validate us, validate our freakinesssssssssssss pleeeeeeeeeeeassssssse!", the latter is scary, like a bunch of rabid, bloodthirsty rabbits.
There's levels to this s**t. 		Some people need to "come out the closet" because it's the best thing for them. Some people have freaky fetishes. Some people just are just attracted to the feminine, or attracted to the masculine, regardless of gender.
Inner dialogue of #Homophobiacs: 		Ugh, that's so naaaaasssssty!!*		*Grabs a bucket of popcorn and starts watching		Ugh that's grroooosssssssssss*		*Still snacking on that popcorn.....watching		Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww*		*Popcorn still there		FAGGOT*		*Still got that popcorn
I've watched White Men and Women (and those in other races) sit and observe a Man's body language and hand movements in the hopes that they would be gay. It's weird. Why the obsession? Do you want someone to be Gay because you want to observe how they do it? Why the obsession?
Why do some White Men and White Women just blurt out "GAY" at random intervals, sometimes looking at each other for confirmation? What's with that? Its like some bizarre cultural Caucasian verbal tick. I feel as if its projecting. Where did it come from?
Rhyme dedicated to the #Haters aka those who go against peace. 		#freestyle #flow #offTheTop #HipHop 	#Vibration is the #origin of #melody, therefore the #Drum is the #Root of #Music… https://t.co/XDiACm1jFh
#Tokyo looks like somebody took a toasted marshmallow and copied it 45 million times and put neon on it.		 Dammit get some new colors.
#DuckyDuckyGooseyGoosey 	#Nature #AnimalKingdom #Animals 	#LakeMichigan #Lake #Sea #Chicago #Evanston #Chicagoland #Water #AM #Sun #Sunlight #photography @ Northwestern University https://t.co/he3cwocw2z
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbors _______ 		Meaning if you ain't down to help, stay the hell up outta mine		Simple as that.
#BoogernoseBoogey the angry for no reason #TrapMusic #Superstar 	#music #comedy #humor #humour #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/vLR0Fxi4PL
#Macracris
#NewRules Anybody who has any bad intent towards #LGTBQ people will become what they fear. 		#Asé
Set was and is not guilty. 	Set (and his Lady) was possesed by the same malevolent forces we all fight. 		The ones who physically assaulted peaceful people are the ones who are guilty.		Wait...
Judas was and is not guilty. Judas (and his Lady) was possesed by the same malevolent forces we all fight. 		The ones who physically assaulted peaceful people are the ones who are guilty.
#ProphecyTime 		#Gangs will #evolve into #FraternalOrganizations 		Members will be "jumped in" by physical tests of endurance and immunity to psychological intimidation.		 For the hard headed muthaf**kas.
https://t.co/c7UyBo9P67 #NowPlaying
They don't think I be watching, but #Eye be seein... :) 		#GyeNyame		#horus #heru #peace #Love #prosperity #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/sqCA5bZ4wr
I'm not going to tell you who #Oxúm is , you'll have to find her yourself......
https://t.co/u5HidlXjW7
That last one is bizarre. You ever thought about that? 		Watch a sports game analysis: 		 "I think you have a situation where the Packers defense could've..." 		Does the reporter or cameraman have that situation? Who is "you" referring to?
Why do people say "I think you" when speaking about situations, why not use "We"? 		"I think you have a situation where traffic is backed up, it causes" versus, "I think WE have a situation where". It makes it seem routine. A problem that affects us all should be framed as "We".
"I get it, I get it" - Then continues speaking about the same thing he or she doesn't get, because if he or she got it, the discussion would be over soon as he or she got it!!!!
"I'm sorry, but...."		No you're not sorry. Sorry doesn't have a but either. #Sorrybut, cousin of #Yeahbut
We have so many phrases in our lexicon that are subliminally set up to diminish our self worth, how many can you think of?
"you're missing the point" 		Well help me find it.
In order to achieve peace, our entire thinking process must change. It's cool to like the bad guy or bad girl, but it's not cool that we have a sarcastic term "goody two shoe" or some silly shit. Its like we're so f**ked up that we can't even say someone is good without sarcasm.
#WW3 started right after there was any escalation post Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The World should have been in peace at that point. What we are experiencing is an aftershock, a slow long aftershock of a war between the people who want peace versus those who don't.
anno Domini nostri Jesu Christi
Again.		It is 2018 in the year of our Lord Jesus Christ. 	There are 365 days in a year, 24 hours a day, 60 minutes per hour, 60 seconds per minute. Who in the World doesn't use a clock or time display? 		Whose time are you on again?
Clarification: The statuses in which I'm expressing my opinion is my personal opinion, you have the right to agree or disagree.
Note: All of my statuses are my personal opinion. You have the right to agree or disagree. I
I bind the spirit of language in Jesus name. Amen.
https://t.co/xH1YzUU8om
https://t.co/2pkZonhKtt - 	#NarrateThis 		#GiantDentipede
https://t.co/j87p14MWXC - Damn arm take 10 minutes to hit somebody. I been done heated up a Lean Cuisine and ate it before it connected. Lil twig arms.
#NowPlaying 		https://t.co/XJNJ1nSq7X
Take some time to honor the TRIBES who've tended the land, and who've tended the land WELL. #Iroqouis #Cherokee #Navajo #Apache #Algonquin #Choctaw #Sioux and many more. #Ancestors
The creation of #Blues from #NegroSpirituals needed an element, and that element was and is still #diversity. The #spirit of the #NativeAmerican #Tribes that tended the land before the slaves came added elements to the already established music. It was much needed.
From #negroSpirituals that slaves sang to #Gospel to #Blues, to #Jazz to #Reggae to #EDM to #Soul to #Country to #RockNRoll to #HipHop, the #Church played a huge role in our Modern World.
Whether affiliated or not, the culture of the the #Southern #AfricanAmerican  #Christian #Black #Baptist #Church raised #Jesus #Muhammad #Moses #Buddha #Krishna #AmunRa #Abraham any many more, and is the greatest influence on modern #music since the invention of the instrument.
#Ubuntu @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/w75l1PRvsC
https://t.co/pzeCd47JCB
#ChakraResin
#LightSide #DarkSide #Good #Bad #blahblahblah #duality #mindset #whywhywhy? #LawdHaveMercy #ForGodsSake #Message #Respect #theShaman @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/0JhXc7wMi3
Hey there lil aryan https://t.co/TqBe6IzUvN
It's impossible for the Devil to the be the opposite of God, God kicked the shit out of an angel so bad, that angel lost its wings and got pissed. How is that the opposite?
The #Greys were under mind control by humans. All their experiments on us were a #reflection of our War mind state: lack of empathy and compassion. Now they are #Free
"They shouldn't give out trophies for participation!!!!!" 	 	 *The rest of the team and the opposing team walks off the field and leaves* 		You sure about that? One doesn't have to play the game at all 		 :)
"I this this accomplishment" 		"I DID TOO!!!!!" (Said in defiance) 		Smile and reply sincerely "Good!!!!, Be proud of it!!!"		We have the tendency to arm our accomplishments and use them to hurt each other. Stop arming accomplishments. Be a true winner.
hey there lil aryan https://t.co/6XvYDR9QtF
"I'll shoot you or some creative variation of I'll shoot you" - Rappers who can't fight hand to hand. 😀😀😀
#Moms is camera shy, but I snuck a recording. Talking about #Church #Christianity #HolyTrinity #Unity 	#Discussion #Talking #Learning #Family #Respect #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/mUj03lgBcb
Visit #NewCentralZion, then work your way out from there #Chicago #Southside #HydePark #BlackMetropolis
#Shaman #caught another one		My body is like that kick thing from #Ghostbusters. #Transmutation of #Energy 		That's a boring flow, #wack 		Goodbye #WhiteSupremacy @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/VBQQp5Ys0U
#SaturdayNight #Seance w #Mistadent #LennyWilliams #RnB #Soul #Improv #Imp #Aggaraggaraggaragga #Singing #Joy #GoodHumor #GoodHumor @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/uXyFzKO9Wj
America runs on donuts.
This is MY forest! #Mantra
#NowPlaying #ChicagoUnderground	 https://t.co/rcVhdSGgVk
#ecstasy #utopia #newAge #message #practicality #ChicagoSchool https://t.co/qDVzUxbKCz
Back then it was ....... "You must wanna be a prophet, ain't no future in that 😂😂😂😂" 		Ain't no, but there is. 		😂😉✋
https://t.co/KvUg1wPRLV
#NowPlaying		https://t.co/fRtJ29DiC8
#Trayvon
#MamaChancleta
#Message to the #Haters 		:) @ Hoosier Mama + Dollop Coffee Co. https://t.co/y4zBvmhgB1
#Vodou
#Morning #Message shoutout to #BigBoi #MamaToldMe #MamiWata #MamaLizbeth #VirginMary #Gaia #Durga #BloodyMary #MamaDent #Maat #Ixchel #Peace #Love #Family #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/9gV2vWNc7t
Every deity of the #Aztecs, #Mayans #Toltecs #Incans #Cahokians are #resurrected #Africans #Alkebulan 		So why is there so much animosity towards Black in the Americas?
#WoHoo
A little boughetto fusion cuisine 	#TraderJoes #Morrocan #Couscous #blend with #Corn....#Morrocon #Soucatash #homeCookinOnABudget #SkilletKillit #Robust #Flavor #Variety #Spices #Colors… https://t.co/U7uYFqIWQc
#FridayNights and #SoulMusic 	#Groovin #Vibin #Chillin #Music #Soul #Rnb #AlGreen #Love  #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/cOJrpnhrC2
#Mantra #Meditation #Yoga #Yogi #OmShanti #Om #Metaphysics #Mindfulness #Light #Lightworker #Cosmic #Chicago #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago metropolitan area https://t.co/TnaX3zpJsn
@BigBoi GTFOH! I just put my 2003 mix on my phone. Has this song. Twilight zone shit.
If a Woman is interested in a guy, what kind of sense does it make to lie to the guy about another person that doesn't exist? 		 What's stopping the guy from saying, "OK! :), then I'll step back until you finish, &amp; if you don't, then it wasn't meant to be"
Check out my portfolio. Send me a message if you need graphics for a low price. 		https://t.co/7n4NaprzOP
@WuTangClan Friday!
#Graffiti https://t.co/8URPSrEIrp
Sometimes I go to places and look at things I can't afford just to simply appreciate the #craftsmanship. It costs very little, and is inspiring.
I hear a #Rooster and a #Weasel cluckity cluckin. Cluckety cluckin. Cluckety cluck. Ca Caluck Clicketcly Cluck. Cluck cluck. Somehow the weasel done copied the rooster, gooood laawd whats goin on!!!
#Ahem God did give us all a set of hands right? #jussayin
#Eloher
I was supposed to stop recording after "duces" to make it cooler, but my finger rebelled. 😂😂😂✋		#Message #God #Spirituality #Religion #Faith #Science #Knowledge #Olo #love… https://t.co/hOigWDAfGt
A younger person can only teach an older person at a surface level, age and wisdom will always be the final authority. 		#Gospel
"Stay cheery and decadent for those who want to deck a Dent" 		I've always been a fan of #wordplay	#Planning #Eating #Working #Living #HavingFun #Humor #Humour  #AppreciatingSmallThings… https://t.co/ILhM5zdx2R
#Chess is a great game for strategy, but the entire premise is messed up. 		It says that two armies will always be at war. I don't want to play that game.
I bind the spirit of #Rhythm in Jesus name. Amen
The penalty for hurting a #Grey will be just as severe as hurting a human.
https://t.co/Lvmv7WXZvt
Visions in a #BurningBush 		 #Bushman #shman #Shaman
If someone with no sexual experience were to tell you, "good sex is a myth", how would you convince them otherwise?
If you can't communicate Love without having to resort to  physical sexual relations, then you really don't know how to communicate Love. 		I won't take my time to decipher your language.
#Fellas: Stop falling in love with these instragram models. You cam differentiate the ones who are doing it artistically vs the ones who are doing it insantistically by doing the cover the mouth test with your hands, exposing just the eyes.		 Try it!
If I told you that we all had a twin flame that was meant for us and those "religious books" were actually trying to hook us up with our best partner, because a World full of boo'd up people would be peaceful, you wouldn't believe me :) 		Nah, never mind. Blame it on the #Weed
Walking buck naked in a room full of people I don't know? GTFOH Part 1. Giving said people I don't know access to my genitals? GTFOH Oh Hell Naw Strikes Back!!
Some people's definition of #SexualLiberation does not include #Morals and #Ethics and standards of #Decency 		Time for some #UnethicalCleansing
#PublicSex 		If your inner voice says "I'm going to f**k in public, damn what anybody else thinks", your inner voice is rotten and putrid. Your inner voice needs to be cleaned. How immature and depraved can you get?  		It's not sexy, funny, cute or charming. 		#Euuughck
Do people who engage in those activities ever think that someone else doesn't want to see or hear that shit?
People have to resort to sex in public places, or especially in public places in the same vicinity of other people.  Destroying libido one poor decision at a time.
"So we like, had sex" - Say it with even less emotion next time to drive the point home of how banal and mundane it was.
Then I see some cheery, frollick face White couple telling me how great sex is, as if I can't see the fakeness in their eyes. Some of these articles straight up post porn and then cut off the bottom of the picture. That soft-toned corporate way of speaking is not sexy at all.
https://t.co/LQaPTbF8GH
If someone lost their passion for sex, nearly to the point of disgust of it, how would you try to re-ignite it, without using sexual terminology, imagery, or statistics?
RT @TIME: Why are we all having so little sex? https://t.co/TqEDOlfinV
The virus affects those who are in the presence of sanctified people or places. It forces non sanctified people to spew their truth, causing a domino effect, toppling any power structure not built on principles of good morals and values. #Macracris
I'm not the one to judge, but I will gladly express #disgust 		#mood #Amashaugbuntu #selfie #selfPortrait #Photography #El #fall #Chicago #Love #Honesty  #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/ATZ1ucrX9X
I'm a loser. I lost.
#Carribean #Dance #Bahamas #School #AfterSchool #Art #Music #Movement #Teaching #Learning #Education #TheArts #Humanities #Culture #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/WJ2HbOLSWM
I have no love for #EverythingButTheBurden ass #CultureVultures, using Black slang, linguistics, dress, movement, but don't even have a clue about Black culture or have the decency to take the time to learn and appreciate Black culture.
Somewhere in the World, some wanna be Thelma and Louise chicks was gunnin for my head, now.....they're missing. 		Geez Louise!!!! 		:) 		#DoraMilaje
I bind the spirit of #nostalgia in Jesus Name. #Amen
Classic album #TheFinalTic by #CrucialConflict #Chicago #HipHop #Classic #Music #Pioneers #Legends #Gs #GodsPeoples #Wildstyle #Kilo #Never #Coldhard #WestSide #Love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/znscLfBwWf
Shout out to the #Midwest: #Detroit #Minneapolis #Chicago #Cleveland #Cincinnati #Dayton #Columbus #StLouis #KansasCity #Indianapolis #SiouxFalls #GrandRapids #DesMoines #Omaha #Fargo #Milwaukee #Pittsburgh(Kind of) #Toronto(Canadians can't escape it, Great Lakes) #Winnipeg
https://t.co/v88q8QpLae - Two handed #BrazilianWax
#Chicago and #TheMidwest is going to give #Brazil a #BrazilianWax 		3...2...1
It's the return of the #Amashaugbuntu 		#LimpLimpLimp #AridArid
Emotional Maturity &gt; Social Maturity		The latter is based on current trends. The tendency to label an emotional reaction as immature is a warped way of thinking . Orweilian double speak. 		"I know you're angry because I robbed you, but you don't have to be so immature about it!!"
"I'm tired of raising Black Men" - Black Women in relationships 2018		Then don't. 		Maybe it's not raising, maybe it's the Black Man pulling YOU back down to Earth? Stop trying to create… https://t.co/rUwKnNzzTr
The #Power of #RioDeJaneiro is now returned to the #Children #Elders and #Saints 	Asé
https://t.co/3rJVHPZzxA - Lightning from below. #ShangoSneakAttack #AsAboveSoBelow
Maybe the smart thing to do is not go to war?....hmmmm lemme think		https://t.co/dbzyOLC37N
The #RomanGods were too male dominated. In the #Orisha tradition, #Women rule #Oceans and #TheAfterworld 		Power is mutual.
#StankCars go nationwide.		 Sanitizer stock goes up.		#Conspiracy  		You can't fool me. :) 		https://t.co/K0XSczXUan
Function over Form	#Chicago #El #Station #Loop 	#utilitarian #architecture #rust #rustBelt #midwest #transit #transportation #Photography #fall #people #urban #life #city #love… https://t.co/rvg5HVJGZq
Those rare times you catch the #El matching the surroundings. #PinkLine #WestSide #Chicago #Photography #Urban #Fall #Colors #View @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/t2MMm9BDJU
If I had an album called #SunsetSoul, this would be the cover. 		#WestSide #Chicago #Ogden  #NorthLawndale #HolyCity #Sunset #View #Fall #Sun #Street #Photography #city @ Holy City https://t.co/WR0XBOGpu8
#WestSide #Chicago #NorthLawndale #HolyCity #Street #Urban #City #CityLife @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/HoLWsutQP5
Sometimes the #El will drive you #Insane 		Song "My My My" by #JohnnyGill #RnB #Humor #Humour #Commute #Fun #Sunset #Soul #Joy #GoodHumour #GoodHumor #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ West… https://t.co/Wsz62Eit5S
#Edgewater #View #urban #El #transit #highrises #midrises #lowrises #colors #fall #motion #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/5jEGf9xdUv
The "#Youmustthinkyou" #Tribe is one of the most prevalent: 		 "You must think you __________"
"How's that gonna stop  ___________?" 		How IS that gonna stop _________? 		"You can't answer a question with a question..." 		I just did.
#GenderWARS2018		#Women: I GOT THE P***Y!!		#Men: I GOT THE D**K!!		#Science: Well technically you both have XX and XY Chromosomes in your DNA Coding.....		Men and Women: SHUT UP!!!!!!		Science: #LMAO 	#God: 😉
:( is the impact zone of two fists of a gorilla thumping his/her chest, while hanging upside down. #FACTS
:) is actually the impact zone of two fists of a gorilla thumping his/her chest. #FACTS
:(   to  :) 		Stupid asses.
#cool #church #interior #architecture #design #lighting #Photography #highcontrast #daytime #shadows #art #peace #love #respect #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/z5zO5ojhS8
#SlowBurnProtests 		Take a walk around, take a road trip or public transit trip to rich neighborhoods, downtowns or suburbs. If stuff is too expensive, pack a lunch, walk around and take photos.		 Take notes. 		#Flood #Doxxing :)
Are a lack of jobs because it's a lack of motivation socially or is it because are those who are holding the jobs are holding it for their own motives? 		In sales, you convince the customer that what YOU have is urgent enough to provoke action. 		Us Black folks are like "#WHY?"
How a drug kingpin gon be mad that his empire is falling. 		Shouldn't made an empire off selling drugs dumbass.
I can count the number of times White Evanstonians made an attempt to talk to me in this small segregated town. My whole squad is Black. 		11 square miles!!!!!
The #WhitePowerStructure used to hate seeing Black people downtown, because their very presence would cause jealousy and envy. 		"How are these people carrying themselves like this in these conditions?" 		Thank you Sam Cooke
The #Chicago Metropolitan area strips you of your #title and #prominence. You're just an average Joe or Josie out here. It's always had that power, it's even stronger now. 		Who runs #Chicagoland? 		The land itself. 		🍂🍃🍁🌿🌲🌳🌐
#Nimrod knew the enemy would go as far as to portray themselves as Nimrod to confuse and distort truth. However, Nimrod knew what Nimrod stood for. Nimrod also knew the secret identity of Nimrod...:) 🙏☔⚡✋
#Nimrod built the #TowerOfBabel to entrap the idiots in one place and watch em fall. He kept returning and restructuring the same formula til he finally got it right. #Macracris
"Too rich to fight me" 		Damn right. Break yo precious little nails and there goes your defenses sweetie.
#racial #politics from a #Black #mulatto #perspective #southside to #northside #chicago to #evanston #urban #suburban #city #lowerMiddleClass #household #blueCollar #discussion #talk… https://t.co/4lkzNPGNvn
Rome: Lots of white and red, roses, tunics, paint, buildings. White and red everywhere. White and Red. Some gold		I used to hate to clean public places. I still remember those marble drains....		That's why I don't complain about cleaning bathrooms and kitchens. Could be worse :)
Fell asleep and saw a vision of a Roman Parade for a few seconds, with floats and all. Pure spectacle. Some of the stuff I see is cool, the grisly, gory, grimy stuff, not so much...
#Tuesday #Night #SpeedDating #Profile #LoweredExpectations #LetsGetIt #Message #Funny #Laugh #Peace #Respect #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Rogers Park Social https://t.co/ivBbXbTbJH
#Intuition is being heightened. The ability of humans to detect lies will become even stronger. Lies will also kill any sexual attraction between people. The eyes will make or break a hookup. #NewRules
#New #Mistadent 		https://t.co/Iv9dlzPj4L
I don't want no #KarensPotatoSaladSex
There's no such thing as competition for a prophecy.		 Either you are or you aren't. 		Your story is important. Focus on yours and roll up your sleeves and help.
Wanna hear the voice of #Moses? Start at track 1 		https://t.co/o5ZBDqLxDH
I'm crazy AF if you didn't already know 😓
How do I know this? I'm talking to them now.
Bruce threw like 1000 punches and kicks, took Ali one.
Ali just kept running away like he was scared. It made it Bruce look like a buffoon, got inside his head. Everytime Bruce would throw kicks and punches, Ali would clap his hands, made it look like a dance....lmao
#NotWellKnownFacts 		#MuhammadAli whooped #BruceLee's ass. 		Strength, reach, speed, mind games, rhythm, presence, soul		Bruce was irritated. Ali just kept laughing. 😂😂😂
Symbol I like to call #Of, the literal definition. 		An #MCEscher and #Adinkra #Inspired #Design that I created.		No religious affiliation, just a cool shape :) 		#Geometry #Mathematics #Physics #Spirituality #Metaphysics #God #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/uG27uE49th
Don't get bamboozled by #DoomsdayPreachers aka #FalseProphets #Supernegro would of just stole #LexLuthors s**t and incinerated #Doomsday ole outta control ass. Them chin crystals would make a cool decoration tho... 		:)
The more they try to terrorize you, the more joy you carry yourself with. Watch them get scared. 		:)
Freddy Krueger would have got his ass beat in South Evanston. In the dream wprld too: "Bwoaw! what we doin tonight" - "Sleeping!!" - "Word?" - - "Hell yea, I'm finna beat Freddy Krueger ass again!" - "Shiiiet, take some Melatonin potna!" - "Bet"
Meanwhile the real Freddy Krueger is from a town a few miles North of here. Probably said "Hi" to his neighbors with the cheeriest smile ever. #ForReal
You could be the nerdiest, most gentile, won't hurt a fly ass soul, and you're still categorized as "dangerous" just because.
.......If you felt 'some type of way', aka #emotion from my last status, that's just a crumb of what being Black feels like, regardless of your size or gender or intelligence. #FACTS
I'm a nice guy if you get to know me. You don't have to look at me like I'm going to kill you. Stop that, that hurts. For real. It makes me feel small, like I'm incapable of having conversation, like I'm some big dumb brute. It hurts. 		:(
Being there for Moms and helping her to heal is a job that has no government benefits. It's not glamorous. It doesn't get views, it doesn't get plays. You won't hear people bragging about it in a song, yet I love it and I feel honored to have it. 		:)		Respect #Elders #Wisdom
#DentCanCook 		Clockwise from top center: 		- Biryani Pilaf	- Worsteshire RibEye 	- Avocado 	- Balsamic Thyme Mushrooms	- Mixed Veggies 	- Orange Slices		#Cooking #ThriftLife #Meal #Cook… https://t.co/G5Dk8hicE8
Time to take an #RnBBreak 		#music #humor #humour #laugh #kitchen #break #fun #song #usher #confessions #melody #smile #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/ReFthwscUb
RT @TheRealStanLee: https://t.co/dTdDjRvXbs
#joy #happiness #positivity are #constructs 		#somebody done conned and 'structed a system that makes us believe that we aren't happy. 		Ain't that bout a 😣✋		Well I ain't no chump. I… https://t.co/12MBPJZJ1e
#Potato #JairBolsonaro #Onions
#Mashaugbuntu - enhanced Mojo, reserved only for the one that's worthy to receive it.
You see, Lillith was a natural born biologist, scientist, activist, but yet she was held back, because she was "ugly" .
Lillith was a lover of things dark and deathly growing up. Decay, parasites, worms, etc..........The sadness of death affected her, but not in a way that was visible, it was internal for her. She was mistaken as being inhuman, incapable of emotion.
"They looked at how gruesome the sight was, looked at each other.......and began doing it"......#Lillith told the village, but nobody believed her, because she was "ugly"
The Garden in the Adam and Eve metaphor was not a garden, it was a pit, where all sorts macabre stuff went down, the snake represents the reptilian brain overload that leads to sin. The snake was just doing as snakes do. The culture that created the pit was the real culprit.
How were we able to determine what we looked like as an early species? 		We stared into the reflection of a puddle or a pond. Just as we stargazed up, we also looked within, looked down.
Want to see what #Allah looks like...... https://t.co/n2I6w7zL6f
A "Camp fire"? Something doesn't sound right..research the Bronx in the late 70s. 		https://t.co/aQt5O4fNZ7
There's always a backlash with that abuse of power. Those who lived far East by the Devils sea, and those who lived far West by the Bermuda triangle, saw gruesome imagery of futures that didn't happen, and they also received unwelcome "gifts" from teleportation portals #Khemet
Teleportation was learned in the days of #Khemet, objects and people were sent from the Pryamids, the Spiritual control center of the World, but Leadership was top down. Literally. Sometimes a large stone would fall from the sky, slum clearance, imminent domain
Wanna know what the true first Man and Woman looked like? 		We still have examples. 		A gelatinous transparent mass with a nucleus 		#FACTS 		Am I wrong?
The order of the creator is the oldest secret society		O 0 the Cypher. The one God.		 One.
While benevolent at first, the Brotherhood had become like a cult of Osirus, just like their counterpart, a Sisterhood that was like a cult of Isis, the original Illuminati.
#Khemetic knowledge was higher than it is today in the Babylon era. Due to the polytheistc nature of Khemet, it was dangerous in the wrong hands. A society made sure information was disseminated at the right time. #EsseinBrotherhood
The #Babylonian era was called that because the World was run by idiots who did nothing but babble. Everything was messed up. Jews became crime lords, Christians became assassins, some order was needed, enter #Islam
I just saw an alternate timeline where Detroit was the capital of the US and it looked like Sao Paulo. The city had a theme song it blasted through the speakers, it literally was a crowd screaming "DETROIT! DETROIT! DETROIT! DETROIT! DETROIT!" Merge into new timeline, with ease..
Before #Batman, before #RobinHood, there was #Nimrod 		#Scourge of #Babylon 	#myth #history #newStory #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Iraq https://t.co/WJrKQjFWbo
#chicago from #Evanston #Chicagoland #aerial #view #lakeMichigan #Lake #Gold #Sun #Sunrise #Morning #Skyline #Photography #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Northwestern University https://t.co/cDeSiV1XA1
#Message #Africa #Asia #Alkebulan #Alkebulanist #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Northwestern University https://t.co/K1Zk7B5TCT
For the Love of God, #Russia, #China #Korea #Japan, would y'all please start allowing more immigrants to enter your countries? 		Diversity.
A #song for the #Asian #investors of #Africa 		https://t.co/nhNA89Ykax
https://t.co/AtEtEa5pl2
#OwlOwlWooOwl
"Mwateriawl?!!!  		Wewwwl whaaa abwoout immatweeerwial! WHY CWANT TWHERE BWE IMMWATWERIEALLLLLL"   		Always gotta be someone. God bless em though. :D 		Whatever. 🤣
If you over-analyze the moment, you lose the ability to enjoy the miracle. Those who enjoy the miracle are more blessed by it. All reality is immaterial? Maybe, but look at that word "immaterial", within the word itself is material.
Based on the #attitude I'm getting from #HannahFrank, this my prediction of what she will look like in a decade....#art #sketch #painting #masterpiece #fresco #baroque #renaissance… https://t.co/CwfrTWJcTr
#Dancing #Friday #WingChun  #MartialArts #Fitness #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/hLAcXFnDng
My followers are pretending not to follow me.. 		Gotta stay low key. I see you on the streets, the buses, the trains, stores, in the air, advertisements, signs, online....Much love and respect. Keep up the fight. 		:D
G's up! G's? Us!
Mmmmhmmmm, times to soak my feet. Friday night!!
Everything is a goddamn conspiracy. I gave up trying to figure it all out. Everybody else is crazy, I'm sane. Goats attacking people and what not. Can't you see the end is near? WAKE UP!
My original name with the prefix is Oloṣẹgun - Meaning "God is Victorious"
They called me Yeshua, today its Segun, "Sheh-gooh" "Eh", not "Ay'. Guttural sound. I swear Canada did that just to mess with me. 		:)
@LucienGreaves Bro I don't even think you know what hilarious means. Your Church is the Church of no fun. The Church of boredom. LMAO.
#HistoryLesson	 	Satan was born from an African village after a wild goat attack.		Terrorized the whole village. 		Somebody had the notion to sacrifice it, ever since then Satan has been returning and returning to seek revenge in different ways.  See? 		https://t.co/tqkj69hrb4
OMG, its Satan, #LMAO 	https://t.co/QN04dAgH6y
Does anybody else think @LucienGreaves looks like a Yellow Bell Pepper? I feel he should be in an omelet. The Lucien special at IHOP, or in his case, EyeHop.
#NoFrillsSmile 		I might not be feeling the best, I might be a bit worn, but I'm still in the game. https://t.co/O0GOo6tjKg
The #ImGoingToSmileBecauseSomebodySaidSmileButIReallyWannaGetTheHellOuttaHereSmile https://t.co/IpY13SnuTg
#BulgyEyedBandit 		"Look, I'm not feeling that well, so I'm going to force my eyes and mouth open to make it look like I am" https://t.co/iK3gp7avCb
#SquintySinisterSmile		 better one. https://t.co/FWYi8pvPOX
The #SquintySinisterSmile: 		Ever see somebody smile like this when it's NOT sunny outside? Lol. Why are you happy and if so, why do you also look like you're in pain? https://t.co/TBFxkDFqKT
The more I see rich people, at the very least, STEP FOOT in poor neighborhoods, the more I'll believe that we're all working together. Writing a check is akin to tossing bread at the peasants, a personal touch is more effective.
#Nobody has ever achieved #Enlightenment through getting rich and having lots of sex. That's a sham of a way to think.
Ever wonder why so many people idolize and fetishize money? This has been engineered. That dopamine rush you get when you think about having large sums of money is similar to the feeling of orgasm. Sex, drugs, violence, money all go hand in hand.
The Empires of Eurasia for the most part were built of slave labor. We are well aware of the physical kind, but we're just now getting reintroduced to the esoteric kind, #tapping sexual energy through perverse rituals. This energy is transferred to currency and material objects.
There's always someone who thinks they're going to "Adopt" the ways of the enemy, who winds up doing the same thing. Spiritual transmutation is real, but it must be done with both the hands of God in it, point blank period. 		Ain't no half steppin. #Gospel
I've seen the result of #cult #recruitment firsthand. It usually coincides with #culturalAppropriation and celebration of money.		I once knew these two:		https://t.co/PAyLrSiKEZ
Many historical figures were staunchly against #cults Finding clever ways to subvert their power and reintroduce God into the general public................something about these colorful tunics worn by #Constantine and #Helena look familiar. 		https://t.co/hAnSPz4XBx
The 25th of December is not just a Holiday, it's a war tactic against the enemy, against those who chose and who choose to celebrate in their own unique way.
Read this article. Look at the pictures. Do you feel strange looking at them? Yes? Read further, look for the word "Radiate", see the connection? 		https://t.co/WsAkHEfl5n
#FunFriday possible suggestions: #TheMonkey, #Chac, #Tiamat, #Anansi, #Loki, #Zeus, #Ninkasi, #Thoth, #Ra, #RiGongTaiYangXingJun, #Vishnu, #Yemoja etc...Think outside the box.
Are you a religious reformer at heart? Do you believe the in the divine creative power of God? Then, be "revolutionary" and call up the name of some of the other 'Gods' of lore. Take some weight off the "XMan's" back. 		Tested, safe and approved. Have some fun :) #FunFriday
@twhiddleston More inspiration? - https://t.co/kNiWfohwvV
#Protip: Want to get under the skin of any #CrookedLawyer? Constantly ask him or her to repeat what they're saying slowly so you can hear it.
#Princess @Drake will never come down from his penthouse and walk through the hood by himself. #FACTS
#winter #snow #trees #chicago #chicagoland #evanston #nature #cold #Photography #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/JOCWSjtECo
#HannahFrank is running again.		 I want some answers from her and her brother, #JoaquinVasquezDanteDuran aka #Octo5quid and her sister #Rita. If you see them, kindly remind them....
Check out these cool shots of me by @LilShotGlass		https://t.co/uHTqCqcyP3
They say I don't smile enough. 		#cheese! 		#GoodMorning #HappyHappyJoyJoy  #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/XEcQOc3Cyc
The need to stay alive outweighs the needs of the many. 		#Life is #Beautiful #Huemanity #Humanity #Peace #Respect #Unity 	#Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/R8BgRswAQV
#GROUNDED		Sorry #wannaBeSpaceTravelers, your #vacation has been #cancelled until further notice 		Learn how to live together. 		Learn how to take care of this planet better.		Then we'll… https://t.co/9Pn9rfXHzq
#Amashaugbuntu
The opposite of Saint isn't a sinner, it's a Saint In Training, or #SIT, for sit yo ass down.
#Saints are those of all #Spiritual and #Religious practices who 1 - Believe in an encompassing divine creative force, or creator, or #God 2 - Who practice and adhere to the Golden rule, which is found in all of them. Are you a Saint?
Thou shalt not kill https://t.co/zN8mGj4rUe
What's with this tendency in modern culture to create roundabout ways of asking without directly asking..		"Excuse me sir, you can stand over there now"		I can?		 Well thank you for reminding me. 😀		 *stands still*
A #lady #friend of mine is trying to score to no avail. 		Help her out please...		 ☺✋
This #Winter, wear bright vivid colors.
#ALS #Cure		Give them a whole bunch of #liquor and #weed. Make their #soul #laugh 		I dunno. It just came to mind. Try it.
#Uptown		In the 90s, I would often stay at my Stepfather's apartment (the green/red highrise to the Left). He was from #Ghana. Floors would smell like curry or fish stew. Old elevators.… https://t.co/dr07dqvVat
Breakfast programs?		Neighborhood Police?		Hmmmm. Sounds familiar...		Google "J Edgar Hoover" for more clues 		🙏⚡☔
#Veterans of wars both seen and unseen will be top candidates to be #employed as #protectors of their #neighborhoods, a #benevolent #policeForce.
Come up with creative ways to describe your skin color. Don't be #boring
People say I'm salty. Yep. 		Sea salt 		✋
#SexWorkers will find more fulfilling, rewarding careers as #emotionalCounselors
Bibles, Quarans, Torahs, etcc that talk? Books that talk?  Sounds like #occult #BlackMagic to me...		#jussayin
"It says here....." - What does that mean? How can "It" say? 		 Unless you're talking about that scary clown 😂😂😂
Doing laundry n #singing. It's #gettingLate by #Floetry 		#rnb #soul #roughVocals #music	#fun #joy #humor #humour #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/LXguhaXl2p
RT @Diddy: Focus on getting one big thing done every single day. Set that as a priority, write it down and make sure it gets done. This foc…
The point of the #Amashaugbuntu: TAKE YOUR TIME, stop trying to rush in. You know, those old lessons we forgot...		:)
God made #hands for many reasons
#Amashaugbuntu
#MacracrisGG
I don't respond to nonverbal cues or hints that someone wants something. 		If you want something from me, you ASK, don't "signal", and expect me to go for it.
This is one of my favorite #friends	#coolchick #independent #creative #musician and a #teamPlayer @HFGEvents Catch her upcoming shows at her website https://t.co/EYcqWIhS6Q 		#cool… https://t.co/In9HIGovF6
My homie #Hermes, also #Elijah is a witty, soulful White ninja from #Canada. Shout out to @michaelsmck
#rogersPark #northside #chicago #neighborhood #photography #nature #residential #composition #tilt #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/8aDUYbSFcP
#PortlandBotanicGardens #Flower #Nature #photography #CloseUp #Color #contrast #vivid #life #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Portland Botanical Gardens https://t.co/SrvEeUIfLc
#Travel should be a #HumanRight
Is #Portland #Oregon the home of a #Port or #Portal? 		#Questions :)		Pictures from my #covert #visit back in August 		#photography #streetscape #downtown #street #travel #love… https://t.co/2E1XV3L6A6
If ya didn't know, I love #Chicago. Come visit in the #Winter, visit other cities im the #Midwest also.
Now playing: 	https://t.co/asFsHlSXMu
Alcheburanist sounds like #Alchemist...hmmm		Al's Italian Beef? Lol
#Alkeburanist?
Not a fan of the "Pan" thats in the term #Panafracanist
Disputes of the #territories of #SouthAlkeburan (Oceania/India/Australia/South America) #EastAlkeburan (Eurasia) #WestAlkeburan (Carribean/North America) and #NorthAlkeburan (Upper Canada/Middle East), manifesting in #rifts that split #Alkeburan into modern day #Continents
Just as travelers traveled #East, some went #West into the where #EndlessJungle (#Congo/#Amazon) ended. The journey was so treacherous, most #settlers stayed on the #WestCoast of modern day #SouthAmerica
#Alkebulan was the original name for #Pangaea
https://t.co/gTLYMIy0i2
Many of the #Ancestors of #Africa or #Alkebulan, traveled #NorthEast into the land of #Fog, #Rain, #Snow and #Mist. 		Human eyes evolved with the #Environment.	 	Modern day #Asia
Below #NewOrleans and below #Cairo are two areas of the #World people rarely venture to. #FACTS
#Cairo is #NewOrleans #Memphis is #Memphis. 		#Metaphors
#Amman is #Atlanta Marka Airport, Marta....
If #NYC is #Rome, #Chicago is #Jerusalem, #California is #Galilee 		#metaphors, more connections soon
#Amashaugbuntu
#Trump is still a #Potato
Sometimes I can read passages in #Galilean #Aramaic when I #focus 		#theLordsPrayer #matthew6913 #scripture #religion #yeshua #peace #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/yb3K1e0Tk7
Either way it goes, the system is getting taken down. 		The options are Liberal - INSANE and Conservative - Ridiculous.
Scramble time, think of the goofiest thing you can think of. Burst out laughing.
#IVoted
Post #Voting #CinnamonRoll at #ArchiesCafe with #Moms #Food #nutrition #coffee #pastries #music #company #photography #art #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Archie’s Cafe https://t.co/ef6anL4SZk
When the #prophet #Moses and I hosted a #RadioShow 	Guess which one is him...		#shalom https://t.co/1A19Bk9xzZ
That time the #Prophet #Muhammad and I traveled to #RioDeJaneiro 		https://t.co/o1tTNeM4fe
https://t.co/UKTb7AowNW
"We don't accept The Dollar here anymore"		- Well what do you accept? 		"GrueGold" 		- What the hell is that? 		"You'll have to sign here to find out"		Don't think it won't get that far....#VOTE
"Imma get this money" 		Not when they take away Money and make it into something else.
When it looks like you don't have a #Crew, hit up #SaintGrey #StGrey, They take that as a compliment. #Peace
God grant _____ the 'incentive' to....... #Amen #Ase
https://t.co/G4CmG75xbq
@julianxtra @vezt Eyes still not properly aligned. You're almost there. https://t.co/lJ6TRdthfr
Last Thursday 	https://t.co/kcq3uHiPIi
The only word I ever heard from my Bio father was from a letter to my Mom, which he referred to me as "The Boy" #truth
Please don't take your life. Please. I will joke about death before #Suicide. 		That pain is unbearable, for you, for me, and your family. Ya dig! 		#LifeIsWorthIt #LifeIsBeautiful
It's #Armageddon for the #haters		The rest of us cool. #Azul
Updated #Amashaugbuntu	(For those who want drama)		Men: #LimpLimpLimp		Women: #AridArid
#BillionnaireRauner has probably never taken #publicTransit in his life
A rise in #youngAdult #tradeLabor #infrastructureBuilding #GreenConversion #cleaning #jobs #MenAndWomen 		#elders have more #serviceBased #jobs 		#CoOpEconomy
I done went and made a #shrine 		🙏☔⚡		#Santeria #Vudon #Mucombo 	#Occult #Pagan #Shamanism 	#PeopleOfTheLand #Contemporary #Lightwork #BlackMagic #imagination #crafts #art #culture… https://t.co/fXHItj3aSD
The only word I ever heard from my Bio father was from a letter to my Mom, which he referred to me as "The Boy"
Saints (of all God's people), #Pray so you can better see who is a true believer, a nonbeliever, a false prophet, a believer pretending to not believe, and a believer with the mask of a false prophet. 		It's complicated. Trust God to help you sort it out. 		:)
How come so many "Mens Movements" seem to be so heavy on the "MEN" aspect?
https://t.co/tF5sWhqPiZ 		#boomByeBye?
There were also isolated convenes in many of these "civilized societies", places where "Anything goes" as well..		https://t.co/ng2Gs8ebRQ
Content warning: Many ancient civilizations had places where bodies were incinerated. A place where its freedom and where "Anything goes" 		They called it #utopia in Greece, im Rome, hierolopolis, or hell. 	https://t.co/2g7JLTGDfm
https://t.co/jKAzaAVBEc
#NightDivination #divination #libation https://t.co/PGWnP4vD53
May the #CultOfLiesAndDecepit meet the #Ntontom #TamTam #Djembe #Tong #Ting #bÜm #Jah #Clak #Xhos #Buwe #Omo #Ama
May the #CultOfFalseHealing meet the curse of the #AngryGoat 	https://t.co/XCW4B1fVrU
May the #CultOfBoldEnoughToTrySomeShit meet #TheMonkeyWithTheJesusTears
"He tweakin!" #LMAO
all that is left in any other malevolent category is the for #TheShamans and #TheWiccans to decide. 	---------------------------------------------	 together they compromise #TheDarkness, which is the protection of #TheHolySpirit, with the spark of movement that is #TheHolyGhost
May the #CultOfSadomasochists meet the #TheCrew :)		#Shango #Chernobog (#Xhango) #Nimrod #Mbombo #Yam #Oya #DarthVader #Q #TheLaughingOne #TheMist #TheEye #Vlad #TheAgency and the TRUE #EyeSis (I see you sisters!) :)
May the #CultOfCombat meet the #CousinsOfDeath: #AmunRa #Imhotep #Obatala #Shiva #Vishnu #Bramha #Olofi #Shango #Osanyin #Anasi #Loki #Thor #Zues #Nero #Hades #Anubis #Ogun #Buddha #Tangaloa #BulacChabtan #Huitzopotchli #Oshun #Yemoja #Balor #Kukulcan #Hermes #Baiame #TheCoyote
"Can't touch this?" https://t.co/P62AIxC4o8
#Ubuntu
Pyschopaths, Sociopaths, whether alone or in a group, meet #TheGreys :) https://t.co/zCI0jpsYx7
Anbody else left in any #Cult, meet being erased out of existence, by the #TribeOfNanaWata #TheTribeOfVirginMary #TheTribeOfMaryMagdalena and the all #Starseeds #IndigoChildren #Superpsychics #Mutants #Freaks #Nature and #Ancestors combined. You don't want that. #Jussayin
#TheCultOfCelebraaation separate yourself from the #VirtueOfCelebration 	#TheCultOfSeperation(Nothingness), take yo nothing ass home somewhere else then......death worshiping asses 		 meet your new boss, the #TribeOfOya #Santeria #Macumba #DarkMatter #AntiMatter
#TheCultOfProgress separate yourself from the #VirtueOfProgress
#TheCultOfProsperity separate yourself from the #VirtueOfProsperity
#CultOfVudon you sick bastards, separate yourself from #TheTribeOfVudon (Black Magic) 		#TheCultOfDruidianMagic(White Magic), separate yourself from #TheTribeOfDruidianMagic (Lightwork) 		From darkness there is light.
#TheCultOfThe1000000EgyptianGods separate yourself from the #TheTribeOfThe1000000EgyptianGods 		Seriously? Who's at the top? Got eyes and chickens and symbols and what not.
sorry, spelling	#CultOfKrishna #SEPERATEYOURSELF from the #TribeOfKrishna  	If you somehow find a way to not be peaceful in the Krishna tribe? WOW!!!
#CultOfBuddha #SeperateYourself from the #TribeOfBuddha	#CultOfKrishna #SepateYourself from the #TribeOfKrishna 	#CultOfQuetzalcoATL  #SeparateYourself from the #TribeOfQuetzalcoATL
#CultOfJudea #SeperateYourself from the #TribeOfJudea 	#CultOfMohammed #SeperateYourself from the #TribeOfMohammed	#CultOfJesus #SeparateYourself from the #TribeOfJesus
"CHINGA MI MADRE?!" NO!!	 "CHINGA TU MADRE?!" NO!!
#GREENPEOPLE were the first people on every planet. 		Understand the significance of that :)
MLK's facial expression and body language summarizes up how Millennials feel about our culture now. "I don't believe you.......show ME why!!" https://t.co/auLajemKdb
Alcoholism, sex addiction, drug addiction, prisons, fueled the economy. The dollar was empowered by that energy. As we elevate in Human thought, the immorality of the system becomes more clear, and less attractive. We are not our parents generation. We have to be convinced.
@PUSHA_T @redbullmusic @Nas @TEYANATAYLOR @valee @LifeOfDesiigner @070shake ....kill it!
Stricter laws against gentrification and rising home prices. 		NOBODY should be forced to leave due to rising land costs. That's not the free market at work, that's financial colonialism. We've been doing it wrong this whole time.
Btw, we discovered #Atlantis, #ElDorado and more. https://t.co/7mWD1JiazF
#Leaders of #Israel 		Explain this. 	https://t.co/F7F5yL4oGx
If you work, you work. Don't ever let anyone diminish your self-worth because you feel as if you have to keep up with them. #Gospel
Living with your parents IS security, especially if your parents own the house or apartment that you will inherit. It's a good fiscal choice.
"It’s difficult to pin down whether the demographic wants to remain on the sidelines or is kept there by a dearth of attractive options." 		I think its the latter. What we've been sold before isn't attractive anymore. 		https://t.co/f6jaS2hXj5
#DontFearTheFall :)		https://t.co/7LJQEZsnbG
""Those who want to get rich fall into temptation and a TRAP and into many foolish and harmful desires that plunge people into ruin and destruction." - Timothy 6:9-12."
The Bible predicted #TrapMusic 		Take another look from a different perspective.
#Anxiety? #Fear about the new age we're in? 		Try linking up with friends and family. If you're by yourself, meditate, listen to music, workout, or put this music on while you're at your computer. It's God approved. :) 		https://t.co/GMe9bZvEbQ
"We been here since ______" 		They've been here longer.
"Why we gotta deal with these Aliens, we already got enough problems to deal with" 		#Shuttup
#CosmicChrist #ChristCosmic - #ExpansionTime :)
#Clarenda
#GoodMorning https://t.co/DmOtcJLx8b
#GoodMorning #GodIsGood #Nature #Photography #Color #Bricks #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/7ykQ6wZcWM
@ZacharyLevi @DCComics .	 .cty
There is psychic entity known as #Drake that has taken hold of #AubreyGraham #WashHisNastyAss
#SCIENCE!!!
https://t.co/nTNKStlqat - 7:56
This is happening now 	https://t.co/nTNKStlqat		WTF, I wake up and we're in Star Trek? 		#WHAT?!
At this point I think its safe to say that Jesus Christ is MY Lord and Savior. 		I dunno about yall. #jussayin
I bind the spirit of #Security in Jesus name. #Amen	I bind the spirit of #Safety in Jesus name. #Amen 	Let's get it. #Hallelujah
...and please stop trippin over the colors I wear. I'm not in a gang, I just wear different colors on different days. Ya'll crazy,
https://t.co/dKTmU4KVQa - Here's a clear case of someone telling the truth vs someone not, #Georgia #VoteEthically
If you have a problem with me, you have an even bigger problem with yourself. 		#FACTS
You could call it "The Force" if you want to. Whatever the word is, human thought will produce the results we want. #HumanThoughtIsGod We're not going to create our destruction this time. No. No. No. Not at all. Remove  malevolent psychic energies, work with me. #peace
I'll go scientific mystic for those not religious. We are under bombardment from strong magnetic forces that affect the human psyche. These forces are also responsible for the fast accelerated state of human thought and technology, there is one force that governs them all.....
Pardon the two commas after "here",  (watch somebody make a conspiracy about that lol), "What does that mean?" It's called a typo.
The feeling of not being in total control is a hard one to accept. Once you do, you in turn, feel a new level of control. No blood oaths here,, no sex rituals, not even a signature, just speak it: "I believe in God, I believe in myself" For the two are inseparable :)
Nothing is wrong with thinking of yourself as "A God", but #God, no. God is unified and flows through everyone, God doesn't rule with fear, humans do. 		God is #humble
#BlackPeople, be wary of so-called #Woke or #Spiritual people who practice spirituality that doesn't use some variation of #God: I.e. #Allah, #Jehovah #Jah #TheCreator #TheAncestors #TheMostHigh Who's running their show, what's their agreed upon moral code?
Do unto others as you'd want done to you. 		If I was suffering from a #MentalSickness, I would want someone to heal me. Let's bring compassion back. #NoViolence.
#Saints: Go to a #Twitter, #Facebook, #Instagram Page of a #Celebrity or #PublicFigure that you follow or not. Put on one of these #healingTones or #Prayer or #GospelMusic and let it play while their page is open. 	 #GodGotYourBack 		https://t.co/VnYncl4L8v
@TheOnion Needs to recall what he's looking at.
Well, they're are telling the truth. https://t.co/52snwjvZz8
Notice how @Drake can't look at the camera? Eyes squinting. Guilty eyes. https://t.co/HtjzFuTwiw
Beware of organizations that promote "personal spirituality", especially the ones that overuse the term "energy"		It doesn't even make logical sense. If you're personally spiritual, you should be so without the need of an organization, right?		So who's running it?
RT @segundent: #Cults like to have perverse sex rituals to harness the power that is released via orgasm . This is twisted Science. They ta…
#Cults in 1964 - Same thing, different time and slang.  		https://t.co/TYDhG2SyY0
How do you think this kid made it in the game? #Cults 		https://t.co/jlil4Z73i4
#Cults in 2018 - Listen to the lyrics, look for the Satanic hand gesture, the electric guitar (which is obvious he can't play), and the drug use.  https://t.co/UT8VrVYj3Z
#Cults love music. A new artist will get "broken in", often a fresh faced boy, who is often an actor. To be even more perverse, they'll have them sing or rap about the rape and pedophilia that happened to them, and sponsor it with big name brands.
#Cults like to have perverse sex rituals to harness the power that is released via orgasm . This is twisted Science. They take sexual deviancy to disgusting levels. Be wary of "Spiritual events" that use the term "energy".
Stomp your feet to a rhythm every now and then. If people seem like they're angry at you, IGNORE them and mind your business, your presence alone will drain their demonic possession. They can only take from you if you let them force you to aggression. #Peace
RT @ABC: Former Pres. Obama: "Suddenly Republicans are saying they're gonna protect your pre-existing conditions when they've literally bee…
RT @cnni: This beautiful Mandarin duck is causing a stir with sightseers in New York's Central Park https://t.co/dtHebOk28j https://t.co/EI…
Keep declaring things in the name of God verbally.
Watch her eyes and movements. Watch how she stutters to find words. https://t.co/7KRL2iVm33
I'm a huge fan of #mediterraneanfood #kebob #falafel #schwarma #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago metropolitan area https://t.co/6IhakqgQ59
Watch this: https://t.co/3PIaVPtpUf
#SaintGrey
Everything looks goofy in old school video game graphics. Remove the psychic energy. Ain't that crazy? Shout out the #SpiritualWarriors of the #FarEast  https://t.co/SW13Yej2oH
Dracula was near Russia, or in Russia. That psychic terror reached far and wide.....https://t.co/h5Bjgdo6yO
This is why certain Horror movies and masks exist, because the reality is much more graphic. Google Count Dracula. All we have are drawings of some of the s**t he did. Imagine being there, the sights, the smells, the screaming.......No thank you. #Wack
Often the #FreeMasons had to find cryptic, creative ways to dilute #thePerversion, because super sensitive kids could detect it, and they actually saw a visual picture of what happened, driving people insane, or engineering dependency on alcohol and drugs.
What was he talking about in this song? What was that sound, what was he mashing? This is the worst kind of subliminal terror sent to dismantle the Church. 		https://t.co/4EyyPVflfn
In contrast, places of Worship can also be given resonant energy, which is why they have a special kind of inner peace when you visit one.
Or, how about you use cocaine's White color to psychologically associate it with semen? If you believe in mystical energy, then ordinary objects can be given resonance based on activities that happened around it. What kind of testing was going on?
Something is off about that dance, what is he talking about? 		https://t.co/Aj3PLe8ziT
Elders, remember all those acts that would pop up out of nowhere on a TVShow? They had the slang, dialect down, but something was off, or the message was off.
https://t.co/5NtJTtJtKT - hmmmm.  Do the hand over the mouth trick again. https://t.co/emLXQyzpCI
Ceasar and Ceasar Jr were one hell of a tag team.
https://t.co/CzHcjuxlCg "Gaius Trebonius" Is it possible that  he subliminally engineered the disgust of homosexuals. "That's my Gay Uncle" - "Thetan". Is it possible that a Roman dialect managed to make its way through all these centuries?
The #FreeMasons are the (previous) nonbelievers that needed proof. They've fought these sick twisted, macarbe, violent pedophiles for centuries. They're secret for a reason. 		Look up the real history of the Cabbage Patch Kids. Warning: Disturbing.
Notice how Dick Clark holds his composure and even shoots off shots (that line right there was probably used against him)? He was a man of ethics. Probably kept him on the show to torture him, see how far they could take it before he would break. Look at how he stares at the cam.
There's the #CountryMusic pioneered by #RayCharles, then there's this: https://t.co/TyawkQsnyG
That last image is a #Lynching on multiple levels. Paint him white, and have people celebrating around him and bathing in his blood. What.The.Fuck. Scuse my language. These people were everywhere, including the Church.
After the #Fall of the #RomanEmpire, those who held their alleigance throughout the centuries tried to take down the followers of the #TrueJesusChrist with subliminal disses. Psychological warfare.		 Look at this image.....just look at that shit. https://t.co/iHmyriBm4Z
This was sold as "Family entertainment", the beginning of "Teenage culture" in the US.
Pay attention to the treble at the start of this song. https://t.co/gtn2nkDxln
Notice how they lipsync? Notice how they #appropriate?
Not sick enough? Look again with your big eye open. https://t.co/IKF8QlZe0o
Subliminal messages. "Half the crew is lying down on the floor now" What were they doing? The host was trying to point it out to viewers, look with your woke eye. 		https://t.co/ncDpSIrGex
Correction: If you have a thought, abruptly followed by......"I wanna kill" or "I wanna f**", think about how that thought makes your physical body feel. Notice the similarities? Is this a natural response or part of our #Programming? 		#ThinkAboutIt
If you have a though, abruptly followed by......"I wanna kill" or "I wanna f**", think about how that thought makes your physical body feel. Notice the similarities? Is this a natural response or part of our #Programming? 		#ThinkAboutIt
We can build this thing together (and not that corny 80's song either), just step up and enjoy the show. Relax, lemme do my thang, you do yours. The less you obsess and stress over me, the less I will be in your mind. Ya dig?
There are people, then there are people who mock #Disabled people like @realDonaldTrump
Apartment building down the block with a lot full of cars that parked there for almost a year, woke up this morning, whole lot gone. Neighbor smiled at me as he walked his dog. #jussayin
"Fully understand your 12" https://t.co/4qhTzsPNoM
@judy62628377 How does 12 sound Judy?
@gucci1017 Be good warrior. Be like a #Samauri Peace to you King. &lt;3
......and there's more. https://t.co/vziO7FQO1T
Tonight I feast on the #haters 		#Jamaican #oxtailSoup #cooked by #Moms #Macracris #MMMMGood #Food #Photography #FoodPhotography #Composition #Peace #Love #Respect #theShaman @ Evanston,… https://t.co/BVN0khT9Os
"Hward twue twust a dwoctwah who whows wothwing abwout biowogy, waaah wahhh waaaahhhh" - That's how you sound Judy. 		#GTFOH https://t.co/4wDSn6BEcq
@judy62628377 Shut yo stupid ass up Judy. "Hward to twust a dwoctwah whows nothwing" - That's how you sounded to me.
They popped my shoulderer back in place &amp; gave me some drug that sent me to dimension X for 1 minute. I hope nobody is taking that recreationally. WTF is wrong with y'all lololol.
Btw, I was treated by two #Transgender doctors. 		Civilization knows no labels. Respect humanity.
RT @NBCNews: Scientists uncovered a chain of volcanic seamounts off the coast of the Australian island of Tasmania. - @NBCNewsMACH https://…
Don't wake up from death and see my face at the gates......#jussayin
They recorded it too. Just in case they have to send it to their people, put it up on a billboard, hack into their website, etc....
You got to think. 		I might have a "few" people watching me, of all races and backgrounds .origins. I saw a group of White RockNRollers stop a show and beat down two plotters with Electric Guitars in my name. 		Play with me if you want. There will be retribution on both worlds.
Everytime a weak, cowardly pansie sends in Goons, I think of this: 	https://t.co/yTemRjXkij - #Macracris
#MacracrisIntensified Lets take them to a nightmare World. 		At the same time, I'm going to pray for #Peace. 		Lord knows they'll need it. 		Even Moms was asking how the fight went down, lol. Warrior blood in my family, but we can redefine that and do better. #JarredButFine
I saw them pull out the knife, ran, they ran after me (makes you think), fell down the stairs, dislocated my shoulder, got back up and realized I had to fight. Knocked that jaw off with my dislocated shoulder. That broke their spirit, they fled. #Goodbye
Two Black ladies, my bad. My people. May have been Transgender as noticed by an employee on duty. I engaged them in a shouting match, though I wasn't physical violent, I provoked them. I should have known better, however, they were like rabid animals.
I was attacked by two Ladiesn Black. Stabbed in the chest, top of the head and right in the mouth. Luckily the screwdriver landed right between a gap in my lower teeth. Chest wound is shallow. One has a jaw that's falling off now. Be careful, people are rabid out here.
If you start off a sentence with "uh" "I'm sorry", or some other interjection or phrase, then you really don't believe what you're saying. What are you sorry for?
@ArmaOrientalis yes they do. I'm sure they painted many things white.
@Philow52348876 @Britannica Want a real African ruler? Yeah. Where can I purchase one?
@ArmaOrientalis Those are white busts. True. But no.
@ArmaOrientalis uh....no
Two people attacked me. One of them's jaw is falling off. I'm good.
Picking up my prescription. Feeling alright. :)
#vybzKartel is a #battiboy
I was raised by a Woman who fights for #MensRights just as much as #WomensRights, just as she marched in the fight for #CivilRights 		Maybe it's time we need a #Civil party, so we can return to being civilized and decent to each other. Tears of joy fill my eyes. Hope it does to u
All power is removed from any #effigies of me
#LillithAndLucifer are akin to #CleopatraAndCeasar
The term "Deadbeat daddy" was first given as an insult as a Man died from being tortured. 		I guess we can call you a "Deadbeat daddy" now she said (cackling laughter).
#DownWithCeasarDownWithCleopatra #DownWithCleopatraDownWithCeasar 	#Ase
#Macracris
#Cleopatra still at it. Let's call her #Claretta 		#Nefertiti is cooler anyway. I washed dishes with her once :)
....the movie, not the book, what kind of maniac would want the Shire to get slaughtered?...I'm sorry Tolkein, but I fell asleep on that part
My #Peace's are like the #LordOfTheRings ending, my bad. ;)
I know a few script languages. Degree is in #ComputerArt, which is heavy on #Art #History #Psychology #Science #Coding and #Geometry, however it ain't manual labor, #Fitness #Health #Wellness are the solid foundation for #Growth. Take care of yourself.
// A litttle mix and match time;	  #Shango will be psychologically associated with #Gypsies and #Jesus will psychologically associated associated with #Vodoo, just like the "#" is #DoubleCross, the ";" in #Script language is a #wink, or #DoublePsyche 	//
Both are given back to #TheShamans and #TheWiccans of the #World
Just for trying to take me out the game, I"m the new head of the #Vodoo order and the #Gypsy order  #Ase
Shout out to #Ra and #Thoth out #East
BTW, #America #Vote, please, please, cause these ignoramuses are having a hard time right now. #smh
I'm soon to be #BabaShango, I can feel it. 		#SakPasé?
#ChiefJesus #ChiefKrishna #ChiefBuddha #ChiefMoses, so and so forth, all employed by #theNewAuthority - #GOD, a council of #Elders and #Ancestors, supported by #Nature, #theCosmos, #technology and governed by #theLawsOfPhysics and #Spirit, and watched by #Women and #Children #Ase
#Krishna is the #Liason, sometimes #SpecialOps
The #Buddha is in charge of #Negotians.
#Moses is the #leader of the #tribeOfJudea, so got a problem with me, you take it up with him. #HeadOfSecurity
I been best friends with #Moses since 11 years old. #BrotherFromAnotherMother #ShoutOut
"It's hyperbole" - No, its #Superbowl
#USA, #Fascism will #NOT win this election. Don't worry so much about #Democrat or #Republican, vote who is most ethical. Ethical people come together regardless of political association.
https://t.co/eLi1NYOe9q		#wineToWater #cry :)
We are in an ever expanding/contracting, #wellRounded #universe. #created by #God  Its a quandry, a parable....Now we have the chance to expand that creation. We have a new house, let's decorate, lets add to it, but lets clean our own house first, ya dig? 		#Peace
Everyone is #Christian by #birthright. God tried to tell us that before, but we didn't get it. 		(If you groaned, spat on the ground, sighed or laughed when you read that, that's good, you're healing :)
@Uppity_Negress_ How you doing my soldiers? ✋😙
#CLEOPATRA - Skin dark as Ebony, embarrased to say she likes White Men, so she takes it out on her brothers.
Mind, Body and Soul. 		Sorry, grammar. ;)
My Black Queen gets her lazy ass and scrubs with elbow grease, puts her mind body amd soul into it. As opposed to an #UppityNegress who probably couldn't lift a bucket of water with her weak ass hands.
"You live at home with your Mother" - A #weaponized statement used to remove #Mothers and Women from history, or subject them to their will, so one can be crowned Queen, same as the #chauvinistic #Fascist 	#SpoiledPrincess #SpoiledPrince
In case you didn't get the message #Ladies	 a #Woman conspired to bring down #Women and #Men out of #jealousy 		#Facts
It was a #bitter #scorned #ex, who tacked on that #AdamAndEve #bullshit to #theBible #Asé		You're forgiven #Lillith
#Orishas #Orisas can change #genders at any time #androgynous #LGBTQ
They tried to change #theShaman to #theSonOfMan
You think you gonna get my Woman's address and use it to terrorize her?
Women worked just as hard as Men to #resist back then just as Women do now. Names were omitted to keep them from being drug through the mud.
#Joshua is #BulucChabtan and #Oshosi
#huemanity is #Worldwide 		Shouts out to #StPhilomena #HighPreistess and #Wiccan, the beautiful, down to Earth, cool #Oshún
#NanasChildren are #Worldwide. Nana cares about all her children, so Nana will ressurrect an #Orisha in a different #shade to prove a point :)
#SaintCatherine is #Xochiquetzal and #Oba (Crazy artsy chick) :)
You will find #Olofi on #Orions belt...
Hot headed #Isaiah as #Huitzilopotchli and #Erinle
We once all had a path to our #TwinFlames, it was never a straight line, rather a path from point A to B. We ended up colliding with each other, joy and pain. What do you do when you get knocked down?
The #VirginMary is #Nana or #MamiWata
The cast of characters :)
#Xhango (for my Latin American peeps) or #Shango is #Jesus
#Abraham from #theBible is #Obatala
#Daniel from the #Bible is #Osanyin (+ more)
"I'm not buying it" - It's not for sale :)
Looking at me in the wrong light?		...best believe I'm giving you the #sideEye right back #:) 		#GoodMorning #Saints #Peace https://t.co/bH9xkUV9G3
The new #covenant #godIsLove @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/cJyEnkcXmE
#Amashaugbuntu
What if you had to respectfully convince someone to find sex appealing (other than a way to reproduce?), how would you do it?
@MCHammer https://t.co/FoHRi24nnV - 24:15 - Pay attention to the statue.
#GreatGrandmother and #GreatGrandfather too. #HolySpirit
#Wolverine of #Wakanda at the #mysticArts training center :) 		#happy #Halloween #Chicago #HappyHalloween #Photography #marvelComics #dcComics #marvel #dc #cosplay #teaching #school… https://t.co/i4W3WMrQhA
#SanctifyYourThirdEye 	#PinealGland #Pineal #Pine #Meditation #Nature #Exercise #Healing #ChakraAlignment #Prayer #Faith #God #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/LWsdvCQ4ge
The next time you're out in public or watching a live broadcast, start to tap rhythmically. #Peace
Me #singing troubleman31 and #youngThug #TI #Tip #whattup #ATL #Atlanta #Atlantis #south #downSouth #dirtySouth #peace #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ West Side, Chicago https://t.co/gx541F2Vki
#God is my #protection	#African #Spirituality #Eggun #Ancestors #Ibae #Orisha #Orisa 	#spiritualityISreligion #MamaAfrica #Alkebulan #BlackLove is #UniversalLove #Love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/pLLFrOXIU7
Ladies and gents, I present to #WhiteSupremacy in #Blackface 		#footage #exorcism #learn #apply #use #love #theManOfManyFaces #mistadent @ Chicago metropolitan area https://t.co/LUf1yJFYj3
https://t.co/noQNeLVlbX
#Hallelujah
They don't want to colonize #Mars, they just want to move to #Australia
I bind the spirit of #mythology in #Jesus name.
Whoops! I forgot #Niece #Nephew #Grandson #Granddaughter I bind the spirit of #Family in #Jesus name. #Amen
#TheSister #TheBrother #TheCousin #TheAunt #TheUncle #TheGrandmother #TheGrandfather #TheAncestors #TheHolySpirit
#TheMother #TheFather #TheHolySpirit
#FALSEProphets brought a twisted Christianity to Africa. #FACTS
I commend the #CatholicChurch for releasing the information on the names of #ChildMolesters and #Pedofiles. Now, lets see if #WorldGovernments and #CorporatePowers can do the same? 		#Challenge
I bind the spirit of #Discovery in Jesus Name. Amen.
I bind the spirit of #Laughter in Jesus Name. Amen.
https://t.co/76nzt4nqQ8
RT @segundent: With this post, I empower you to be able to see the light that exists in everyone. I empower you to be able to discern wheth…
#GyeNyame
Remember, every time you &lt;3 a tweet, its under protection by the Blood of Jesus. So like away Saints. Anybody can get it!
#Macracris #Amashaugbuntu #OwlOwlWooOwl
Look at the right eye of the President of #Brazil #MichelTemer #Possessed 		https://t.co/ellzsnDGtQ
Good people of #Earth!!!		You are invited to a #FascistAssKicking!! 		If your "leader" is a fascist, he or she has been given an easy platform, so we can kick their ass. 		Morning #Saints #Ministers #Rabbis #Prophets #Preistesses #Priests #Reverends #Pastors #Shamans #Wiccans		:)
#Fascists love seeing their face on everything, as opposed to getting the work done that needs to be done. It becomes all about themselves.
#Fascists by defintion are scared  to look people in the eye. What kind of man can't look another man in his eye?
Is it just me, or do all #fascists look like potatoes.
I bind the spirit of expulsion in Jesus name. Amen.
A jealous white woman lives in the apartment above mine. 		Her skin is brown, but her soul is possessed by White Supremacy. Jealous #gossip #claretta #owlowlWooOwl
Now playing: 	https://t.co/BrQK7m0EWd
The more they hate, the more you smile		You angry, you smirk.
A parallel dimension is running concurrent with ours, one where things were made right. 		Right now we're in the Medieval/Feudal Asia era.
"I see tings in Black and White" 		Then you must be colorblind.
Synthetic drugs will slowly stop working on the body. Natural herbs will increase in potency.
#SinusInfectionCartelCurse 		It ain't over with. Bet.
P.S. will somebody please say "Claretta"
I think you know the plot from then on......Magic was mixed everywhere, but a very special energy grew from #NewOrleans
They reached a rowdy group of independent misfits when they got to what's known as modern North America though. :)
*Correction, they used their tactics to (attempt to) destroy empires like the #Aztec, #Toltec, #Mayan, #Incan. They excel at that (#Khemet).
In Africa they studied Dark, Brown, Yellow, Light, White (Albino) dynamics in different tribes. They corrupted it and used it as a way to subvert their will upon to the mostly dark skinned Taino, creating #Latino
the iLLuminati used #Christianity to spread to #Africa to "Study the subjects". When they proved "too difficult" to comprehend, the next option was #Slavery and #Colonization - #Invasion
Those who were true #Christians knew, those who were Knights of the Templar/Masons knew, but needed more proof, what became the #iLLuminati continued. The hurt caused anger to grow, wars, torture, all orchestrated by #iLLuminati. They could never get a hold on Black sexual energy
"Change a date heaaah, change a date theeeaah, eh, who's gonna notice anyway" #Romans
That picture is a lot different than the reality. https://t.co/j9snAYHMf8
Mama oversaw it. My brothers hand scribbled the first part, I wrote the second part, we're in act 3, the one where the trilogy closes and the good guys win, after that, good guys winning becomes a #Franchise 	.......#AndThatsJustGoodBusiness 		con mucha sinceridad		#Azul
#She was the mole the whole time. Well damn. I got a Woman in the squad now. #Oya #MaryMagdelena Btw, I was born on the year of the #RAT, you can't get rid of me if you tried. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA!!!!
Gabriel the Protector, Michael the Fighter, Joe the Worker #SQUAD
Some people are always gonna be a smart ass	https://t.co/TJr6Kdq8FQ
#theEnemy is the #Shredder from the old 80's Cartoon show. LBS.
The tree of life is simply a tree. That's it. Touch a tree, and you touch the tree of life. Receive love.
#Ori is #Krishna
#Male and #Female #COMPLIMENT each other, no matter what the biology. #Comprende?
#Orunmila is the #Prophet #Muhammad. #Ogun is the #Prophet #Moses		Part of the same #Family
I'm a nerd. 		I don't bully with my mind.
Popular guys became enraged and retaliated and it goes back and forth.....
Group of nerds got together, (justifiably) tired that the popular guys got all the girls. Instead of venting their anger out on the bullies, they vented it on everyone else. 		That's Science with a vendetta #Illuminati
Picture yourself in the fury, in the chaos of the content, in the rhythm, without allowing the words to affect your judgement, Zone out. 		https://t.co/FTbQZS5idL
They put #2Pac and #Biggie at each others neck. 		All #rappers and #MCs practice #BlackMagik. That energy is feared and fetishized by White Supremacists. 		#FACTS
I think they forgot I'm #theShaman
I believe that #SexAddiction is a #GlobalHealthCrisis
My friends are international celebrities. #MicrophoneMisfitz #China 		https://t.co/03K6j3d5QK
I bind the spirit of detection in Jesus name. Amen.
I bind the spirit of protection in Jesus name. Amen.
Look at people's eyes when they smile. Do the eyes seem excessively squinty, even when you're not outside? 		Or do they seem excessively large, like they're trying to force them open? 		Just small things to notice. 		:)
God will take care of that chump. His end is near. It's time for us to clean house, scrub that accumulated filth out our minds.
#Amashaugbuntu #Macracris
....correction, they were armed before, but now even more so.
In response to this revelation, I'm spiritually arming all genuine religious and spiritual iconography, terminology and clothing with the protection of God. Pray, meditate, 		#fight.
Look at this page. Notice the photoshop and the #Scientology cross. Notice how there's no Bible. It's all #Memes		https://t.co/DTfBjJp1rw		Note the blurriness. 	https://t.co/HrfehS4c2k		These fools think they slick. 	😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Go to the @LRonHubbard Twitter account. Do you see any indication that he's doing anything for a cause?		 I see him just posting his accomplishments....hmmm
#LRonHubbard will be live to respond soon. 		#BeefSeason is on. 	#Scientology #Wack
Look at how the Jesus depicted in tbe cartoon shakes the crucifix. Look at the not so subtle innuendo, "roostertoons". WTF is up with those hashtags. #Scientology https://t.co/snWL6zKsB5
I believe #Scientology is the World's largest #Pedophile ring, spearheaded by "Thetan".
#Hollywood is America's greatest cultural export, arguably more influential than our military. How did this filthy plot to subvert our progress remain so quiet? There's enough news on the Catholic Church, but here's a group that stands for "Science" doing even worse. #Scientology
Are these "Scientific Volunteer Ministers" trained to "audit"? 		#Scientology 		https://t.co/nO4cuStASA
RT @jumiatravelGH: Ghanaian culture ! Do you know what this symbol means?	  #GyeNyame #AdinkraSymbols #Ghana #Travel #Hotels #Flights #Tour…
#PositiveSpiritualVibrations are imposssible without #God
I'm sitting amd discussing how to tax robots with Moms. #RobotTax
#GyeNyame
Some people will go to extreme lengths to keep #God out, even turning #Science against God. 		The thing is, God backs Science.
#Working with #Moms 		#Family #Faith #Love @ Outdoor Cafe https://t.co/9cPs3RaoJ9
I swear every ethnic group in the World is at this #TJMaxx
"Thetan" though? Are they trying to be offensive on purpose? 😂😂😂😂
Put your hand over his mouth and just focus on his eyes... https://t.co/tA6fcLJ8Ln
#Scientology, meet #oya	😊
Someone tried to find a way to harness the power of the orgasm and psychologically manipulate human behavior to subvert God. I think this goes back further than #LRonHubbard though. #Scientology #CorruptedScience
Enhance the spirituality of your inner "Thetan"? What does that rhyme with? 		#Scientology #CorruptedScience #Amashaugbuntu
I'm know I'm not the only one whose heard strange moans while in public places. #Scientology
Read this article, why is #Scientology so secret if its supposed to save the World?		https://t.co/0mqpcnax3A		#Clearing #Auditing #SexCrime #Shame #Lust
By psychologically associating Science with Sex, #Scientology found a way to manipulate our behavior via Sex and innuendo, while simultaneously attempting to diminsh religion, God		This isn't the only group that works like this. People are copying them		 #plot #cult #LRonHubbard
URGENT URGENT!!!		https://t.co/UOdbnVlMSG		Read this article. Do you see the innuendo? Do you see what auditing means? Do you see how they are trying to… https://t.co/qJjH0AY8xs
#Amashaugbuntu
The #illuminati has been "auditing" for quite some time, polluting Science with their perverse experiments.
https://t.co/RbozdhbDEZ
Of all the terms I've heard, "audit" has to be most esoteric. I give it that. LMAO
https://t.co/n9h1MHnQmg - Something feels a bit off about that "auditing" part, I dunno.......😒 #Scientology
Doing some mental "Auditing" #Scientology
hmm, very shady, #OwlOwlWooOwl
Lemme check this here #Scientology thing out. 		:)
@Cheetoham_Linc @CountyVentura @Scientology @CatholicNewsSvc @LDSchurch @ChurchofSatan @Core_Christ Shango
La santería descenderá al oriente medio. 	#Santería se levantará en el Medio Oriente.
#BigUps to my families, my Grandmother's side, my Grandfather's side (R.I.P.), and my Ghanian family. Never met my biological father's family, but big ups to them too. #Peace
If #groot was a #soul #singer 	#marvel #marvelComics #avengers #humor #humour #bloodQuantum 	#love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/rKa3OT8rZD
#Shango #Sango #Chango #Xhango #Segun #Shaman #Orisha #Yoruba #Thunder #Lightning #Drums #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/eCFPB9ooqq
Thou shalt not kill
I don't like insulting people. Sometimes I have to be harsh to deal with harsh situations. Sometimes it may be too much. 		If I've caused to hurt to anyone, I apologize.
Weed connoisseurs will enjoy strains that are grown in each city and neighborhood. Each will have an energy and vibration specific to the Earth it comes from and is sold at. #Cannabis #Legalize
#chicago #photography #art #pattern #shadows #geometry #tapIntoIt #triforce #godBlessedMorning #OneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Rogers Park Location https://t.co/twsAU4Xn95
POW!! IN THE KISSER!!		Good morning! 		I bought this bronze Eye of Horus ring from the jeweler who worked on blackpanther 		#horus #eyeofhorus #wakanda #wakandaforever #khemet #egypt… https://t.co/0rd4bi2kFr
Ever done an exorcism through the phone? 		:)
Confession: Nintendo 64 was the last video game system I bought. I bought it used too, like 4 years after it was released, lol.
The stimuli will have to stem from UNCONDITIONAL love to get the libido to fully work in the future #Amashaugbuntu
If you feel like you gotta apologize for being yourself then you're really in your feelings
I'm the big, gentle oaf that gets mistaken for a bully, and also gets mistaken for being stupid.
#Message to all. 		#PublicServiceAnnouncement #catchTheseHands #mudra https://t.co/0R5hU4palZ
Good Morning Black people.		 Let's make sure to look at each other extra angrily today, especially if we've never met!!!		😶🔆
Mild mannered researcher Clark Dent, but he's also known as		SUPERNEGRO 		Strong enough to wake my Black ass up and be grateful. Faster than the speed it needs me to take to get things… https://t.co/a5O5L9yv5N
...Look at this corruption. https://t.co/hpw7h7f8SX
So, wait, the #ProudBoys aren't a Gay rights group? 		This is confusing. 😂		2018
Haven't made a tag of my name in a minute. 		I'm teaching a drawing class and a logo class at rebellion.rising 		Register here:… https://t.co/lI2GyQCMPd
ATTN Artists (or future Artists). Want to learn fundamentals of drawing, or want to learn how to create a solid logo? Register for a workshop at Rebellion Rising studios. https://t.co/GZYUmagNtF		https://t.co/AaaPc0DM90
Having fun #freestyling. Parental advisory suggested. 		#offTheTop #Freestyle #improv #skills #trap #music #rap #hiphop #humor #humour #signifyin #funny #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/IHbHEBISb7
I'm very much a community, grassroots organizer at heart. Shout out to #StreetsAndSoul, which will return.
Success is dependent on how much it inspires you. When something doesn't, the motivation to pursue it doesn't either. 		Is poverty a result of poor decisions, or not being inspired enough? 		Or is it a mixture of both?
In Evanston, the lack of bridges can be very frustrating. You can be raised off a salary of a few hundred dollars a week and be surrounded by techies who work from their phone.
My towns' median income is higher than the national average. It also has two Black areas below the average, on the South and West sides. My town is also very urban in nature, though technically a suburb of Chicago.
To Funk is to tweak, it's that little energy that gives us the green light, turqouise light rather to will something to behave erratically. Are you #Funky? 		Now Playing: "Falling Up" by @blackeyedpeas
I'm spaced out at the counter at Einstein's Bagels, the cashier says "crispy chicken", I wake out my daze like, "Wtf is this Popeyes?", to see a crispy chicken sammich on the menu. 		This could have gone awry. Lol.
Correction: What if every disciple, prophet in the Bible, Quaran, Torah spoke like MC's do.
Ethical thought will be researched more.
When you give love to your ancestors, you're showing love to religious folk too. Best believe MLK, Coretta, X, Betty, Sammy Davis Jr, are working with us. Message to fellow practicioners of African Spirituality. Asé
I was raised religion-free.	#FACTS 		 I became a believer when these things began to unfold in front of me.
"Your prayers make me uncomfortable" 		I hope it never gets that far.		Stop trying to gaslight good religious folk. Good religious folk have been putting in work for years on our behalf.
How do you use something you don't believe in?
If you believe that its 2018, you believe in time as measured by Judeo-Christian notation.
More young Scientists are going to start researching the existence of God as a thesis.
Chicago is one big ass small town. Last week it was "Kanye sellin out to Trump", this week it's "Kanye movin to Naperville"
The #Buddha is the reincarnation of #BabaLuAye
@ReasonablyCrazy π θ ᵯ 44 24 10
@ReasonablyCrazy That Wiley Peyote. Nah, I'm just seeing stuff.
The signal was cut before they were able to see the whole picture, direct connection to Africa lost. Technology malfunction. The Amazon was directly connected to the Congo at one time. Information was exchanged in spite of the distance between them.
Those who built the flattened pyramids saw too much stimuli in too short a period of time. Information overload, prophecy overload. Hence the intricate detail of the Mayan Calendar and the detail of Aztec art. Tlaloc, Loco, Loc, Loki, look at the connections. 		#Peace
Can't spell loyal without the #oya in it.
If I could summarize the major issue I have in my life in one word? 		Organization.
If I'm a migrant, survival is my priority. The moral decision to take care of my family outweighs any concerns of tax money, laws, government, or country.
The whole "Liberal vs Conservative", "Democrat vs Republican" conflict has reached the point where it can now be framed as a mental disease.
Scenario: A new virus has just been discovered, but say, 30% of the population doesn't have access to Hospitals because of limited Govt.		You've just created an epidemic.		If diseases easily spread in 3rd World countries due to poor facilities, what about access to NO facilities?
If I'm saying "What do I need you for" to Govt, so are criminal masterminds. They can just as sure take control of our government state by state. Since there's no punishment at all, criminal masterminds will gain power easily until they garner enough support to go to war.
If the only Government funded programs are protection from force and fraud, then that pretty much sets us up for a coup. If I'm a citizen, and the Government tells me they're not taking care of roads, hospitals, trash, fire services, I'm going to say "well what do I need you for?
I would like to see Libertarians distance themselves from the archetypal, heavily-armored survivalist. Less so because of gun issues, but more so because people like that are crazy as f**k. Anybody that obsessed with warfare is living in a state of mobilized fear.
If I'm not reading or working on music, I spend my exciting nights at home putting music or healing tones on while watching dash cam footage of cities. I wish more people recorded these in different neighborhoods/streets in different cities.   		https://t.co/WRommKZndE
@ReasonablyCrazy https://t.co/AiJ6yTUJ6V
I'm changing my political affiliation again.		 I'm taking control of the #Libertarian party now. 		Let's see if you guys pass or you're just all talk like most politicians. So far....
NOBODY has the right to engineer who or who can't enter a neighborhood. That's not free Market economics at work, that's social engineering.
Look at the different facial structures of the people of the continent of Africa and you'll find the origin of every ethnic group on planet Earth.
I've been to events where the Asante chief was announced/sung in the same beautiful key as Allahu akbar in Islam. I've seen practices,speech patterns from Yoruba that are easily Hebrew in origin. (Yeshua?)		Nigerians and Ghanians still going at it. 		#SMH
"Thanks, but no thanks" 		I tune out after "Thanks". Everything else is unecessarym ☺
#Liberals: When you say "We welcome everyone to our neighborhood", don't just mean it in theory. Provide everyone with access and places to patronize. Comprende?
I said Bloody Mary 3 times last night		Uh oh. What I do? 		😂
#Republicans have become Trump's personal slaves.		 Seriously. I think I need to sing em a few negro spirituals.
I'm voting for the candidates who represent morals and ethics the best.
So, @realDonaldTrump, you want to be an unjust authoritarian? 		States don't have to enforce your rules. 		Courts don't have to enforce your laws. 		Police departments don't have to enforce them either. 		Disobeying your orders and or not showing up to work is an option I support
Guess what #Transgender people were called in Biblical times: Men and Women. Those who were attracted to them, gravitated towards them. 		Get over it.
Nowhere in the Bible or any other religious book does it EXPLICITLY state that Men have a penis and Women have a vagina.
Question to @realDonaldTrump  and the #RepublicanParty...		Why do you care so much about other people's genitals?
So, if a global catastrophe happens, America is going to be excluded from the World? I think not. 		Use your brain.
#SHAMANHAVEMESSAGE:		The approximation of reality is understood through the construct of the anxious, thus feeding our artificial necessity to constantly move forward. We move forward in… https://t.co/BxfVixUtkx
#freestyle over #chillHop #instrumentals #chimichangas #bereft #breath #butRef #belize #tropical #macarac #minyeeyeeyee #brussels #music #offTheTop #flow #love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/AztFzBmPmd
Books don't talk. 		People do.
If Jesus came back today, he'd ask "Where do I say I'm against homosexuality? Where?...Where?" 		Can't answer? 		Then shut the f**k up.
Good morning #Saints, #Shamans, #Wiccans 		Keep ya head up
Message to traitors, who insist on placing their greedy self-interest over the will of the common good. Those who would wish to have us live in fear, over living in peace. Your days are… https://t.co/B0iqzvYjvX
In this sea age, I see I go.
Sharpening my blade, always. 		#offTheTop #freestyle 	#chicagoHipHop #hiphop #underground #indie #talent #skill #practice #improv #flow #songwriting #music #rhythm #love… https://t.co/UoAnRKI31d
The king of hapax legomenon in Hip Hop? Easily @E40 		https://t.co/RixtD8r16N
hapax legomenon? 		We just call it slang.
Don't mind if ya do, don't mind if ya do
The biggest lesson I'm taking away from teaching is that every student has a different way of learning.
The cultural and behavioral paradigm shifts that are occurring can be examined through our interpersonal relationships with each other. Start at the base level, relationships with the closest people around you. Expand into your larger circle, internalize the lessons you learn :)
Bad parenting. This idea that you can just have a child, toss aside the child to let the World raise, let Money raise the child. Money will be the child's parents. Money will raise the child right. This belief created a dependency.
Soooo many young people missing out on wisdom from the Baby Boomer generation, then you see this trend of not committing, then not wanting to have children...the break in connection is right there.
Moms once laid in the bushes with a sniper rifle at a racist bullies' head as a little girl. Were a "unique" family. ☺
If you're intelligent and patient, you'll see that I make a good ass husband. Positive reinforcement works better than negative reinforcement.
Suffice to say, I have no problems working for a bossy lady. I been about gender equality.
I'm tending to a palace that I partially own, bought for less than 6 figures. Has a working fridge that's all taped up and falling apart + 1000000 more projects always in the works + cursed objects.
She's jealous of the relationship my Mother and I have....What a dumbass! 		All the things society slams me for are the things that make me stronger. 		Take that, warped capitalism family structure! 		😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I've saved her, and her Brother's life on multiple occassions.
If the mythologies crossed over, Jesus would be that dude that rigs explosives to Mt.Olympus, blows it up, stands there and yells out: "AIN'T NOBODY GODS NOW! GOD IS GOD! YOU EITHER WORKING WITH GOD OR YOU LEAVE THIS PLANET......CAPISCI?!!"
Thursday nights at Chateau De Dent		#boredom #thursday #night #fiesta #nightlife #party #boogie #club #poppinBottles #VIP #Lit #champagne #lobsta #nachos #cameroon #oak #trees #reverse… https://t.co/4ftF8JNUS6
The Alpha Male historically gained his status by being a provider (working with his hands) and being a protector (being able to physically defend his Woman). Today its provider (ability to accrue wealth), protector (ability to live in a safe area), its more dependent on society
There's this idea that humbling yourself to ask for something is weak. 		That's incredibly stupid.
If you can't open your mouth, (or type) and ask what you want from me, then you don't really don't want it.
The best protest is non-participation.
They need to expand the World of Kaiju/Godzilla with the King Kong connection, have King Kong open up a portal to jungle animals the size of King Kong.....
Politics teaches one to hand out or receive fish. 		Grassroots movements teaches one to fish.
@ReasonablyCrazy Does it taste American? 		https://t.co/Tzf3CdrcBz
I'm one of "the unpleasants"
U mad? 		😂😂😂😂		#Morning #Motivation #selfPortrait #Selfie #humour #humor #joy #fun #peace #love #respect #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/b8pXZ7jxIW
Don't mind me, I'm just a nobody expressing my opinion. 		:)
The next administration will have to explain the who,what, where, when and why and how of all their platforms, statements and statistics alone won't do.		 Televised debates WITH the public. Take the gloves off!!
Our President says Universal Health Care doesn't work. 		.....Funny, I'm in a LOT less pain because of Universal Health Care.		What more convincing do I need that he's wrong?
Putting a #Macracris on all militant right-wing organizations, including the ones disguised as Left-Wing, and the ones disguised as Pro-Black, Pro-Latino, Pro-anything....If you think the road to peace has to include violence, you're not wanted here. 		#Goodbye
Toss water in the air and it turns to steam, snow before hitting the ground, #thenYouKnowWhatColdIs		https://t.co/BoMewMjXnv
When you breathe and water on your nose hairs instantly turns to ice crystals, #thenYouKnowWhatColdIs
And sit down South Africa!  An average of 17 degrees C, 62 F is NOT cold! When ice stays on the street an entire week, snows and has more ice packed down on to the ice already packed on the street, creating an ice skating rink below a layer of snow, THEN you know what cold is!
Mama Africa is the most mineral rich continent on this Earth, with an amazing variety of life, but it's missing one crucial element that is an asset to those who've been though it, COLD WEATHER! I urge tourists from the Motherland to visit Chicago in the winter. Thank me later :)
A lot of new faces around Chicagoland, from around the World. 		Chicago is a diverse city, but lately.......hmmmm 		Lots of those faces up in Evanston, the Loop, Near West, and the Northside....but where are they in the South Side, West Side, East Side? 		👁 the whole picture #GO
@ReasonablyCrazy AYE! I don't ever call nobody ugly. I have called you infidel, heathen and mulatto many times though.
God is forcing those who reside at the top to seek wisdom from those at the bottom. 		God is forcing them to physically sacrifice their time, effort and emotional energy to do so. 		There will be some pushback and whining. However, this new beginning has already begun. 		#Faith
The current US administration is taking credit for the wheels that were set in motion by the past administration and grassroots efforts on the ground. 		The old guard, old white Man leadership model is falling and they're putting on a show to hide it.
#Squad is thick in Chicago and Chicagoland		#Props
This question goes out to #JoaquinVasquezDanteDuran aka #octo5quid 		Whats the integrity of a Man who can't look another Man in the eyes? 		😐		#integrity #honor #respect #courage… https://t.co/mS5I6tLlNk
Haven't met a person yet whom I don't consider beautiful.		#Truth.
My spirit animal is a Gorilla. Gorillas can lift 10× their weight. We're gentile, but piss us off....thump thump thump
I can spook a poltergeist. 		I have random changes in demeanor from time to time..ranging from calm, might hurt somebody, to joyful rage, might hurt somebody. Needless to say I'm a difficult one on the social front, I admit :)
I have an amazingly sexy, but very human ass body. 		My job takes a toll on me physically in ways you can't imagine, but it empowers me too. 		Parables cause I got I got a big pair of balls. Such is life. 		#grateful
The detractors wish for me to lose my sanity, so they could attack. I see, hear, feel things that defy Science every day, yet I gotta keep my mouth shut.		 I stay grounded..if not for God, good lawd where would I be!!? 		#Hallelujah
All this hoopla around me is not by accident. I did something to cause this. I have the most important job on this planet. I don't get paid for it, its 24/7 and it's dangerous. That's all I can say at this time. Maybe someone will get the courage to ask me about it in person :)
Lenient laws for those making/selling their own goods, not limited to food. Public Markets should be thriving places serving the community daily, not just on weekends. Markets could potentially have a stage for entertainers, free events, open to public. Boost morale, community.
Higher density developments among major suburban arterial roads with streetcars. Conversion of foreclosed homes to lower-income, or homeless co-ops. Some homes can be turned into parkland or farmland, with the materials being recycled. #America
Hydroelectric farms patterned like rivers that run linear to roads and public or interstate transit. Stops will feature dense, nodal cities, with adequate renewable energy.
Without adequate resources, how can one prove the Scientific Method to be true in all instances?
#Freestyle over "Mama said knock you out" by @llcoolj 		#Mistadent #ChicagoHipHop #ChicagoUndergroundHipHop 		Free of style, not off the top of the dome freestyle. 	https://t.co/pZtHwjRFj7
#SpokenWordPoetry by me. 		Audio accompaniment "The Day Me and Your Mother Met" by @donaldglover @GaryClarkJr and @ludwiggoransson 		https://t.co/nPSApLxlDv		#Mistadent
I'm the dude at the crosswalk, in the crossfire, who's had enough.
The small, precocious, perverted boy who gets a thrill in bringing down bigger kids, including those who haven't harmed him. Discovers Sex as a weapon, uses it to declare his "alpha male superiority" later in life. Runs through Women but will run from confrontation. 		#Lazarus
The bad girl in school, laughs, smiles inappropriately when something serious happens, or laughs at someone in pain :(		Spoiled Princess syndrome.		Some Women carry this sociopathic behavior to adulthood. Add sex and now it's supported and rewarded by Men and or Women.		 #Jezebel
The West Coast rappers had a more matter of fact way of speaking, more conversational. I remember going back to the East Coast, listening to lyrics like "Too hot, sicker than yo average, poppa twist cabbage on instinct" like WTF. Picture somebody up in yo face saying that......
I grew up off Golden Age NYC Hip Hop, gravitated more towards Gangsta West Coast, Midwest, South, then got back into the East Coast right before Biggies death. B.I.G. helped me understand the linguistics, chopping sentences up. #HipHop
Rappers nowadays be having all these songs about how stressed they are...then its a celebration of fornication, drugs, guns, liquor 		Like A isn't because of B. 	😂😂😂		Matter of fact, we gon call category B beta behavior. Gon with yall bad selves	 😂😂😂😂😂😂
A fundamental flaw in our philosophy is that if you LOOK like you're enjoying yourself while working, you're not actually working. 		Am I wrong?
Companies that penalize employees too much hinder the social camaraderie, playfulness and meetings of the mind that create innovation + productivity.
Sexiness is the guiding force to free market economics and capitalism at its base level. That's what meant by the saying "Make the revolution irresistible" :)
Diminished objects appear closer to mirror 	Unfinished projects, 	Become returned ghosts 	regain focus, 	Clearer, 	Divine apparitions	The sentence objects 	paragraphs sit in wait 	..Rhythm hits yo face 		The #barpenter is at work. On both planes, merging the Z axis into X and Y.
....that's the way the real World works. 		It was.
RT @I_am__Rochelle: #ThursdayMotivation #ThursdayThoughts #myheart has been moved 💜 https://t.co/Rgdb8dtuhm
@I_am__Rochelle Thank you. 😍
Imma start dropping positive songs with gunshot sound effects, cause anything involving Chicago and guns automatically gets more publicity. #jussayin
Dude hops on the bus, tells the bus driver "I ain't got no money", walks, sits down and gives somebody else a dollar.
The ability to absorb "bad", strip it of it's discord, and retain it's energy for yourself, to transmute and return as healing energy.  		#SpiritualAlchemy 		The opposite is called a tantrum. 		#WorldMentalHealthDay
Coming up with inspirational quotes and sermons while listening to "Bout It" by #MasterP and the #DeGenerationX theme song.		 My methods are a bit unusual. They work for me :)
I see the goodness in everyone. I get frustrated when we try to ignore it, minimize it, downplay it. Let your goodness shine! Be a "badass", don't let them believe that you have become what they are. Follow your own path, your own intuition. The power of the will is unbreakable.
Little known secret: I pray many times a day. I thank God many times a day. 		shhhhhhhh  :)
Express your emotions outwardly, express it to people, express it via social media, express it through song, dance, art, poetry, express your emotion! 		Do NOT keep your emotions bottled up. 		#WorldMentalHealthDay
Wrote this #poem https://t.co/H7zXOVvjwu
I guess because I couldn't "take it to the next level", it's over. She lets me know that I'm just wasting her time. All the time we spent together means nothing unless we have a physical relationship. That's the way the game goes, but I can't say it doesn't hurt.
Whatever she wants from me, she's not going to get until she grows up and tells me. Sending "signals" won't work on me. If she can't open her mouth to tell me what's on her mind, it means she doesn't have the ability to speak for herself. I don't want anybody like that by my side
All forms of sexual harrasment are empowered by aggressive sexual behavior being encouraged in interactions. 		We like to ignore this fact because many people like the aggressive approach...the elephant in the room.
More Men need to be stingy with their sexual energy, not give it up so easy, take long periods of abstinence and celibacy. Fight sexual harassment by being an example of a Man who can remove his dependency on sex.
#Amashaugbuntu
It's ok to listen amd not act.
When someone lets you know that you're just an option in their "sex life", it lets you know that you're nothing to them.
The fact that people get mad when they are denied sex pisses me off. NOBODY has died from a lack of sex. Nobody.
You want my body physically, but you constantly show me that you not only have other "options" and are willing to get more? 		Why would you think I'm going to give you my body under those conditions? 		I'm not attracted to people who  use other people		 #majorTurnOff
We need more Black-owned thrift stores.  		Most Black folks I know act like they too good for the thrift store tho. #jussayin
Riding the El, listening to "Made You Look" by @Nas, turn right and see it written on a wall. 		#Coincidents
@frekwenzybeatz I believe it exists. I wouldn't do it.
I see the ability to willingly go without as evident of strength and character.
From my observation, people will behave in monstrous, ugly ways to keep having their No Strings Attached Sex, especially when it looks like their resources have depleted, and they're too scared to step into the World of true commitment. It's like the behavior of drug addicts.
I prefer to be assertive over aggressive.
Every time someone claiming to be have conservative values says some dumb s**t like, "Boys will be boys" to excuse harassment, it really makes me question whether morals and ethics are part of conservative values, or is it all just money? Makes you think?
Morality and decency is so subjective. My only measuring stick is the "Kid test". What would you be comfortable telling your Son, Daughter, Nephew, Neice, etc? What if they wanted a no nonsense, honest answer? Would you shut them up, or be courageous and speak the truth?
"They think we're gross......let's cover ourselves with trash and human excrement just to show them how dirty we are" 	 	- Example of how NOT to protest. Protest is good, sometimes offending people is good, but defying decency for the sake of defying decency is wack and childish.
To the people holding freaky, nasty events or plans that try to capitalize off my mojo, I hope you enjoy yourself...*cough* wack *cough*		😴		 Remember that Karma has a way of catching you off guard. Use protection. and remember to wash yo nasty ass when you're done.
#MoosterMarc the #Modern #Conservative 		DON'T BULLY ME CAUSE I DON'T WANT CHANGE! 		I've been consistently bullied by #DaLeft. They called my phone the other day and asked if I like Scary… https://t.co/q1Wvp1qmTU
Dear #Conservatives. 		We've become too whiny, like new age #SissiesWithSuits, afraid to stand up for ourselves. We walk around with sullen, downtrodden faces, or scared looks in our eyes. Whining, Whining, Whining. WAAAAH, America is changing, WAAAH. Lets Man up convservatives.
I am the new head of the #RightWing. The #Right is now under my supervision. I got some disciplining to do :)  		Today, in honor of #IndigenousPeoplesDay2018 I'm transforming into the #American #Eagle, I'm combining it with the #Left, with the #LeftWing so we all can take off.
#NowPlaying 	"Misty Morning" by #BobMarley 	https://t.co/y8LnVLygY3
We would be considered heathens, as best put by Aunt Esther.  	https://t.co/HgGyCk6CCF
Christmas decorations and songs were the only thing that kept me not going crazy during the Holiday Season. Moms and I running around, taking the train to the Loop, lugging heavy ass bags around. I wasn't raised in the 'alternative World of Spirituality', at least on the surface
Watch this documentary, you can see in the facial expressions and demeanor of the people the reveal of the frustration and boredom of materialism and consumptionism. This is not in defamation of any age demographic. I prefer to deconstruct, not defame. 		https://t.co/lD30KatXfG
I'm a Xennial. Sometimes Generation X, sometimes Millennial. I literally cried tears of joy when I beat the Legend of Zelda, Ocarina of Time. We're all kids at heart. You baby boomers bombarded us with Toys growing up. 		Don't get mad that we carried it into adulthood. LMAO
btw, late night static on home TV's, that was an 80's reference. 		Older than that, but it was still around in the 80's.
For those who are experiencing fog, embrace that Grey, picture it as the static from late night Home TV as you fall asleep. 		Ever get awoken by the opening intro to a TV station to see sunshine out the window? 		Associate that feeling with the fog. 	https://t.co/ZJnux7gyBs
For the record, the only hell one will go to will be the hell you will create for yourself if you don't live your life right. Golden rule yall.
I cannot (Yet) break the laws of Physics, I can bend them however. I'm on a specific path for a specific reason, otherwise I'd have hella money. I take the miracles as they come. I appreciate the support,
What I am right now is a super evolved Human, who is close to using 100% of his brain. I can resonate and invoke objects with spiritual power and raise the vibration of Earth, I can teach and influence others to use more of their brain also. I have a VERY important job.
A lot of people are communicating with me via telepathy, telling me how childish I sound......while they're communicating with me psychically.....hmmmm.......let's see who's the authority?
The control of the underworld has been taken from the ruling power and been given back to the Shamans and Wiccans of the World. All Plants, Animals, Insects, Minerals, will absorb negativity at a higher rate.
to the #KKK, the real flaming cross is coming to mow you down. 		https://t.co/CnVYQ50UTt
The White robes that the #KKK wear are representative of the worship of wasted sperm, rooting their founding in perverse sexual acts.
the #KKK is an organization that is empowered by sadomasochists. Their sick acts of violence always coincided with a burning cross. They secretly wish to burn on it, Groups such as these represent the disease in our society. 		#FACTS
I'm pretty sure flesh eating and blood drinking would qualify as an occult ritual, from the outside looking in #jussayin
Mary Magdalena		https://t.co/YWoh0ZRLak
Note the halo drawn over the heads of depictions of the Christ or Saints. 		Now, note the difference in halo shown over the head of Mary Magdalene in this depiction: 	https://t.co/mJc6RTxxVC 		Now, note the combination of shapes in this image. 	https://t.co/PANcrODJai		See.
My bad, here's the credit for the last picture and its Pinterest page, which has a bizarre mix of zombies, fashion and weapons. WTF. https://t.co/HjOBnuOfFt
For those who didn't get the last post, I'll provide an illustration. The sword in this picture is the metaphor for the new meaning of the cross, a weapon of honor, as opposed to an instrument of torture. The sword of the Divine Masculine, held down in #peace https://t.co/Qz1lnZle0s
This time around, he was given the green light to fight dirty. The ankh supporting him with the cross of the sword in hand. Satanists have the upside-down cross right, cause when Jesus gets mad, he gets meaner than Satan. 		That's the biggest difference between then and now.
"Whomever thought that tears don't make you stronger has never stepped foot in my body, well on this plane at least. Some of yall need to stop trying to jump in my mind, you're only sabotaging yourself, especially those of yall from other dimensions" - It's like a sci-fi novel :)
The return of morality and ethics in business will reshape this World.
Many people will shun monogamy until they reach the age where their options shrink. Then a mad scramble to find anybody, somebody to fill that void.
I think this contemporary tendency to shun Monogamy is childish behavior, much like a kid defying an adult: "Why can't I do what I want?!!" It ignores what happens as you age, when your libido wanes and companionship becomes more important.
I don't judge promiscuity, but I also don't want Sex with a partner unless I'm exclusive. Screwing around ends with me or no go. I like sharing, but certain things I like to keep to myself or my partner. I don't need people knowing my business and or exploiting my sexual energy.
If you've had Sex at least once, youre sexually experienced. If one feels they need to have sex just to receive what amounts to an imaginary sex certification of experience, then one has been seeking the wrong kind of sex.
Many people, especially Men are impotent because they've been missing the sexual arousal that comes from a genuine emotional attachment. Sex with multiple partners for "fun" or perverted sexual practices become like cocaine, affecting the body's chemicals.
...You're hardwiring your brain to think of people as just resources for your personal pleasure.
Wanting good Sex is good. How you compartmentalize it in your mind matters. Are you thinking "I want to meet someone who I can connect with and potentially have sex with" or "I just want sex". If its the latter, you're removing the person from the thought....cont
An example of modern sexual corruption. The idea that modesty is akin to sexual ineptitude, and is to be ridiculed or treated as a problem (What's wrong with you?). 		Or, Sex is dirty in of itself, which is the reaction by those ridiculed and embarrassed. A vicious cycle.
An example of Modern sexual exploitation commonly used in our vernacular: "I need p***y", "I need d**k*. Human beings reduced to a body part, commodity. Even saying "I need sex", psychologically removes the other Human from the equation. Sex is about mutual exchange.
Think of different examples of phrases or practices that point to violence, exploitation or corruption in our modern sexual culture. I'll start. An easy one for violence: "I smashed..."
Why do I talk so much about Sex? How we create life, how we transfer energy influences everything we do. If violence, exploitation and corruption is psychologically hardwired into our Sex, it's going to empower it in the wrong way.
From my observation, most Homophobia stems from people too concerned and or scared about what goes on in the bedroom of grown people.		Perverts.  		Mind yo business.
God meant for the Divine Masculine to be complemented by the Divine Feminine in a specific way for each individual, regardless of body parts and physiology.
Homophobia began with someone observing Homosexual relations and immediately getting scared of it. Gays have been around as long as humans figured out that they could use all parts of the body for sexual pleasure.
Another example of weaponized sexuality is when an expression of sexuality becomes purposely offensive. Romans were having sex in public to defy the idea of morality, which in turn  psychologically engineered the idea that Sex itself was dirty.		 Law of Karma in effect.
What's an example of "weaponized sexuality".		 Examples: 		When one decides to enact revenge on someone else through sex. 		Using sexual conquests as a way to enhance your masculinity and put down others (I f**ked yo girl) 		This is the basis for so much conflict in our World.
All sorts of strange things have been going on in bedrooms since forever. When society started becoming obsessed with it, started weaponizing it, so began the roots of perversion.
Our society has an infatuation with being on top. If you're in a penthouse all day, you only see the tops of people's heads. If you're on the ground, you're more likely to see eye to eye.
It gets foggy when I try to visualize the true roots of sexism. Male aggression is hardwired into all animals. Spirituality is one of the ways we're able to raise the Divine Feminine to offset it, which also strengthens the Divine Masculine. #YinYang, Right brain Left Brain.
Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed by the rage that accompanies sexual perversion. The people destroyed the cities themselves. Metaphorical "fire". God representative as Karma, not a Man in the sky sending down meteors.
Most of the Bible is accounts of the time by different people.  Some people confuse those accounts with the actual word itself.
Bible. 		Picture someone remaking a 2pac album with a White rapper, changing the lyrics around, removing context and promoting it. This bootleg Pac would go on to influence millions. While counterfeit, the original message from the source is still there if your 3rd eye is open.
You'll find racism in the Muslim World, you'll find racism in the Jewish World, in the Christian World, Buddhism, The Americas, Europe, Asia, Middle East, even in Africa. If you are Dark skinned anywhere in this World, you are most subject to racism by just.being.born.		#FACTS
There's a long history of Black accomplishment being surpressed and or changed because of racism. This is why we in the Black diaspora get agitated on matters of co-opting culture.
An entire Black civilization was decimated before it had a chance to proliferate. It has been done many times in history, including the USA		https://t.co/rCC7XvwDvC
This attempted genocide of the Black Hebrew coincided with the historical supression of nearly all Black influence in recorded history. The seeds of racism.
Hebrews began being targeted, easily identified by their Black skin. Those who were the lightest, mostly escaped, diverting attention away from their Jewish heritage, moving race to the front as the driving force of persecution. Black Hebrews were nearly decimated.
Most of the dark skinned Hebrews were ethnically cleansed, or scattered about because of gentrification.
Race was a construct that occurred post-Biblical times. People were described by skin tone and or metaphorical comparisons, the same way you describe someone's hair color.		Racism GROUPED people by skin tone.
The Hebrew section of Jerusalem in historical times had people of all skin tones, but it was majority dark skinned. It was the equivalent of "the hood" in modern American cities.
Living off a diet of unhealthy, junky foods and alcohol changes your body chemistry. You're more susceptible to depression and stress. You're less likely to make rational decisions. Your mobility suffers. Why do Police departments in the US not enforce health requirements?
The fact that there are so many overweight, out of shape officers on the Chicago Police force is a blatant example of poor training. 		How can you serve and protect if you die of a heart attack? 		How can you jump into action and save lives if you move like a sloth? 		#Think
Seeing Chicago as being the only city in this list that's undervalued is reaffirming. Best kept secret in the World. The "Monkey see, monkey do" crowd can keep it moving, or keep flying over to another popular destination. Those in the know, know		😉		https://t.co/JoWchNOCZc
@o_z_dawn rocking the mic at @bopbizcenter at the #ForTheArtist anniversary show. 		#chicago #underground #HipHop #community #live #show #southside #performance #love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/H0Tv6PXUQn
Catch me rocking the Mic tonight. 		#ChicagoHipHop #chicago #underground #HipHop #live #show #performance #community #music #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/PTum3rF1CN
#Tonight!! 		I will be rocking the Mic at the @bopbizcenter for the #ForTheArtist 1 Year Anniversary show. 		Put together by @RayOfLight03, this is a celebration of #HipHop and #Community.… https://t.co/uVpQDnw4OA
#PossessedPatrick https://t.co/z3YakcHNmp
#PossessedPatrick https://t.co/eu9V43OCSt
New Meme character: #PossessedPatrick https://t.co/lFHNC4G3PA
When you mention unjust treatment of people or unjust practices, and see others respond uncomfortably (change in vocal tone, body posture, sighing, body language, breathing), it's always a sign that you're challenging their frame of reference. 		Keep it up! Keep picking at em! :)
What happens to the "Sexually handicapped". When I say that, I'm referring to people who may not be considered attractive, people who have problems with social skills or some other detriment. Most modern discourse about Sex concerns the whims of beautiful, affluent people.
What's the appeal of being at the top of the mountain when you live on a flat prairie? 		 What many rich people don't understand is that so many poor people have become so used to not having, they can't even SEE the goal to be inspired by it.
#CHICAGO 		I will be rocking the Mic along with a solid lineup of #underground #ChicagoHipHop artists and community leaders. Be there Saturday night. #Live #Show #Community #Performance #Rap #Art #Artist #SupportArt #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/U0cyuhG5eh
Karma, or divine Justice has a way of acting slowly and purposely sometimes. What may seem as a victory for the forces that spread discord and malevolence are often the seeds of the system poisoning itself. Know how to find wins in losses. Never leave the fight.
Today we talk about the vacuum of space. Early humans drew a spiral to represent it. How'd they know this?
Strict people of God often try to guilt trip possible converts by saying God will tell you: "You were given the chance to be saved, but you didn't do enough". Why wouldn't God say: "As a believer, YOU didn't do enough to show others the practicality and appeal of belief in God"
When an "Evil" soul dies, the unpolluted essence of that evil person is sent back to Life to try again. However, the toxic essence of that evil remains in the World, like the smell of smoke after a fire. We can either learn from it as what not to do, or use it to exploit.
There isn't a special heaven for people with more money or clout than the next Man or Woman. Sacrifice is more important than what one has to give materially. Can you forgo your own gratification to serve the greater good?
Post 2012, I started seeing and feeling paranormal things. There was a point where I was like, "Yep! Either I'm losing my mind, or God is showing me something". I'm a skeptic to the core, but when tangible things start to manifest out of thin air, all bets are off. LOL!
Both Mom and I find the cultural hierarchy and the ability to not question outdated rhetoric a problem of the Church. I was someone who was raised with both feet firmly rooted in logic. When I turned 33, that went out the window.
I wasn't raised a believer. My belief in God and principles such as the Golden Rule were second nature to me. I was raised as more of a scientist, and respectful of the validity of all religions.
Last time I read the Bible, strange, bizarre things happened to me. My translation includes a lot more humor than I believe was meant to be in that book. Maybe I'm wrong. Then again, why would God not have a sense of humor?
Justice in court has nothing on the justice you receive when you die if you've done wrong and don't atone. Just know that God is watching us.
The idea itself of "I would never get into a relationship with ____, but I'd f**k" is downright insulting. It says: you're worthy of me.......only if I'm providing a physical service to you. I'm nobody's slave. #Wack
If I don't feel the Love, I won't go for Sex. Love doesn't include: 		  - Revenge on an ex 	  - A quick way to get your rocks off	  - Regarding me as a trophy to parade around or talk about to your friends 		If we don't see eye to eye, it's not gonna happen.
There's a quietness about Chicagoans that's both reaffirming and dangerous. We carry ourselves with a stoic vengeance, a calm, firm patience. We're also some of the funnest, funniest bastards you'll ever meet. Chicago can feel like a giant house party on good days.
I did an open Mic where I came up with Chicago's unofficial slogan off the top of the dome: 		"Chicago, we don't give a f**k about you, but we Love you"
People pilgrimigin to see me n what not. I'm flattered, but I got bills and debt. I'm riding the bus. LOL. Much Love. What you're seeking, you already have, but enjoy Chicago and Evanston anyway.  		:)
#Amashaugbuntu
Morning Saints: Visualize yourself growing up in another part of the World. What would life be like? How would you be treated?
RT @AyeBeYou: Years back MC Juice was hostin the open mic night @ the Wild Hare. He said ima bring my boy up here to spit sum. Where’s Kany…
I have a very focused and intrigued, yet lackadaisical demeanor. Other times I'm taciturn, stoic and intense. I've also been known to ignite into fits of rage. Not so much now though. Engine is lit with the fire of passion. GPS on. The road(s) to success on the Map. Bon Voyage..
Every instance of violence was started by someone who was out to prove they were bigger by "taking it there", never knowing the destination. That's why when you see 2 people arguing, one is like "YOU WANNA TAKE IT THERE?!!", other one responding like "YEAH?!!", eyes all wide lol
Of hatred and Hammer Brothers. 		#hate #supermariobros #mario #nintendo #oldschool #videoGames #gamer #humor #Humour #skit #sketch #message #random #observation #funny #love… https://t.co/OvftpQvK2s
Every single time the Law is manipulated to not affect those in positions of power, karma destroys the credibility of the Law. More people will openly break laws, to where the ruling leadership won't matter anymore, the Law won't matter anymore.
#Moms and I linking up on #Sunday for our weekly drives and conversation. #Speaking on #kavanaugh #trump #womensrights #sexualAssault #patriarchy and all that...		#family #familyFirst… https://t.co/xXxADsRpr1
You can't outsmart wisdom.
The Greys won't appear in the sky in some grand display, for now. That comes when we fully gain our cosmic privileges. They're in human vessels now. Let's work together to make that evoutionary leap. 		⚡☔🙏
I'm not slow in recognizing your sexual advances, I'm just rejecting them.
I don't know what's gonna happen as much as the next person. I hope the Empire doesn't just pop up in our sky one evening. Palpatine all on Snapchat with dog filters.
The Greys are an alien humanoid race that was so driven by perfection, they saw no need to have color, differences in body shape, mouths, etc. They communicated psychically until recently. They are an alternate version of us. Saved, Grateful. Ready to share technology.
The Greys? Real. Seen. Firsthand. Communicated with. Psychic vessels capable of relearning lost emotion through observation and participation. Observation was intrusive (90's X-Files era) until it was intercepted by brave humans.
We been poppin that "age of the cosmos" for a minute. Oh it's about to go down, or up, depending on your relativity.
Shout out to Vishnu too, one heck of a fighter. I could go on, those are just some of the ones that come to mind that are literally walking the Earth right now, living humble lives, everyday struggles, working, loving their families, living life.
Jesus, Buddha, Moses and Muhammad all reincarnated at once? What kind of timeline treachery is going on? God is a fan of science fiction.
@missmayim I like your viewpoint. I think that we should also probe deeper as to why copius amounts of sex has become part of the College experience. Not to dismiss the effect of out of control hormones, but aren't Colleges places for......academic learning?
Morality is the application of good karma.
Does anybody care about a prostitute after he or she ages? What happens to sex workers as their biological clock slows down?
I see prostitution, pornography and other forms of sex work the same way I see mercenaries, drug dealers and other occupations that serve the underworld. I do think the availability and popularity of sex work limits our sexual potential however, for both the consumer and seller.
Republicans in America are essentially saying it's cool to rape and sexually assault as long as you're socially and fiscally conservative. If you talk, act "proper", wear a suit, and have "old fashioned" values, you can hurt anyone you please. Am I right?
Not excited about sex or f**king. Sex is too pretentious and diluted, f**king is tedious and played out. #jussayin 		Making love however.....that prospect thrills me. Having a loyal partner to explore that side with me, that gets my mojo going. Nothing wrong with wanting that :)
@ReasonablyCrazy Redline is Wed night.
Our society socially engineers areas in cities to exclude people we consider "unpleasant".
I have debt and I'm still struggling to get a foothold in this business World. I'm not ashamed to say it. I don't have a financial security net either. I'm your average working joe, jo! Think about that next time y'all take pics of me like I own real estate or some s**t.  😠
@ReasonablyCrazy Nigga I'm on Denttime lol.
@ReasonablyCrazy You always catch a brotha when I have food.
This music sounds like somebody planted a jungle and a lake in the middle of a Starship and is having a fireside party with Bbq, Beer, Trees, and big industrial size vats of Gumbo. Skunks, cats, crew all stanking from dancing around, in other words it's #FUNKY 	#theManOfManyFaces
#theManOfManyFaces will start at midnight. It will be a blueprint of how to take back the night in God's Love. The nature of the Witching hour will be changed. The nature of how we humans interact with the tides will change.		 Or something like that. :)  		♡
This looks like the hood in the US. #CheckItOut		https://t.co/SGW7JeLAOF
#hiphop #rap #humor #humour #skit #sketch #turnup #lit #mc #comedy #funny #laugh #love  #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/utv6UIUgAw
A few words about #Shamanism		#Shaman #Witchdoctors #Wiccan #Sangoma #healing #mentalHealth #mentalhealthawareness #alternative #treatment #schizophrenia #bipolar #disorder #disease… https://t.co/oEVof59uCp
The path of a #Shaman is like that of spiritual special forces agent. Shamans go places mentally that others don't. They step into the abyss of human thought, often unknowingly. The trick is to cultivate the mind to be objective in observing, without losing one's foundation.
Trying to get to sleep. Trying. Trying. 		#insomniac #chronicles an #HBO special series. Premiering right after #DreamOn and #RealSex24 		#90s #Humor #Humour #Wtf #fonkOff… https://t.co/tcZ2BuEAQY
RT @Raheem_DeVaughn: Every time I think of giving up or having a lack of faith God confirms the lesson followed by a blessing.  #FaithOfAMu…
One can be sexually empowered, and not sexually aggressive. 		One can train their body, mind and soul to be at a serene yet aware state, a state where sexual power is developed inward and outward through the senses at all times. 		An investment. 		#Tantra, #Qi, #Ori, #Spirit
The overt sexual body language I see often in my everyday interactions with White people (countless 'mouth signals' get my drift) isn't flattering. It screams, "Lemme dominate you n*gger". It's in the eyes. I don't take the bait.
Throughout all these miracles I behold every day, these scientific implausibilities I see destroyed every day, these divine coincidences, these moments of serendipity, and the people who want to kill me, I still maintain the ability to be at least entertained by it :) 		 #Love
Evanston looking like United Nations w a little side of "the screets" from around the World all of a sudden. Evanston was always diverse, for a town less than 100k, but cmon. This is bizarro World right now. David Lynch film. 		 Walk in my shoes....
The only emotion one can express when they think emotions makes one weak is frustration. Pay attention to the eyes, body language, wording of sentences from people who claim emotion is weak. It's very much akin to demonic possession. #FACTS
So, I guess I'm a celebrity that nobody wants to talk to but reacts to in person. I feel like a mascot, a target, or a regret	 :( 	Every now and then some people react to me with a kind, warm smile of friendship, kinship. I wish I could stop time to hold a long conversation. 	:)
And so begins the downfall...............#Macracris https://t.co/Z78cPVZFPc
#GyeNyame
A debilitating sickness will befall all members and followers of the Islamic State or #ISIS or #ISIL or whatever the hell they call themselves. These cowards will no longer be able to bear children, they will be impotent, their motor functions will become sloth-like. #Macracris
Your tears make you stronger. Mourn. 		Cry tears of sorrow, cry tears of joy, cry tears of frustration, feel what's its like to be Human, feel what its like to be connected to your spirit. 		Emotion gives you strength.....the roots that fortify your soul. 		 #Love
Very little crushes the soul like the sight of a family member mourning for their loved one who was senselessly murdered. To lose such a part of you, is akin to losing a piece of your heart, and for why? 		Please value Human life.
Pharmaceutical companies should start record labels, with song titles such as "Killed More People Than Cocaine Last Year" or "You Addicted, We Protected"
Rappers yell out "I f**k b**ches". 		People who abuse their power in Politics, Entertainment, Sports, Finance, Media, etc....do it behind closed doors: Prostitution, Sex tourism, Using power as leverage to get sex, sex for upward mobility. 		Rap isn't the problem.
Entity 1 is mad at Entity 2 for impeding on their territory and taking their $$,  		Or, Entity 1 is scared that Entity 2 is going to threaten their way of life...... 		The approach to this problem?  Sending someone to kill, and or die.		#GangbangingOrWar ?
People who shun all that lovey dovey s**t piss me off.		Sometimes I go extreme in the other direction just to prove a point. 		Next time I get hit with the "you're too nice" diss, I'm gifting prunes and bar soap in burlap, note attached: "So you can clean and wash yo nasty ass"
As long as it's not attachment involving a sewing needle and crude thread or twine, I'm cool with a little attachment. https://t.co/LAlsAFkfZo
The town I live in is majority White, yet my entire circle of friends, with the exception of 1 friend, is Black. This town is only 11 square miles. Does this happen because I avoid White people while here (Which is nearly impossible if you want to thrive), or for another reason?
RT @Tip: This is America...Where u get what you didn’t pay for sometimes. Stay awake. #USorELSE✊🏽 #FuqaFluShot https://t.co/yOxHNBHLIe
From my anectdotal experience, in social situations, White Women in America will ignore you, unless you look as if you're offering sex and or money. They will talk about you to their friends in front of you in code, while pretending to not see you however. 		#Observations
Unofficial motto of Chicago's #WestLoop : "Ni**er go home!"
If someone were to ask me "What can I offer you as a partner? What would potentially interest you the most?" I would reply: The idea that my goals and your goals could merge and form a new level of success that both of us never imagined.
I have a habit of transforming into a healing mirror on instinct. It throws some people off. Sometimes I also have to occasionally let loose on those whose mirror needs a good cleaning. My methods can often seem callous and brash......look deeper, look closer, you'll find Love.
@Johnique Libra is somewhere off frame laughing
As I flew by her, I saw her silhouette take off her helmet in my rearview soft, stared at her for a few seconds, put my eyes up, a truck knocked my rearview off, I kept going......
I have extreme sensitivity to lustful eyes. I sometimes envy those who are able to immediately pick up on the signals and react. For me, I react with a "WTF" or "Muthaf**ka do I know you" expression that throws people off every time. LMAO
It took me a while to realize that I'm not that lucky in sex because I'm an #Eyetoeyesexual I don't care how good you look, how much money and power you have, if we don't see eye to eye, I'm not moving any part of my body. Access denied. But that's what TALKING is for right?!
For potential relationships, the two biggest deal breakers for me: #1 - Sacrifice of instant gratification for the common good. #2 - Sacrifice of time to talk to Me. I'm far from perfect, I'm also not a "maybe" that you shelve to the side for a rainy day. Go in or go home.
@4point0show It's been a minute since I heard from him
#RapIndustryMotivation 	Be like me, buy a gold chain......sorry you not like me.....I have a yacht......be like me....buy a yacht.....sorry....you not like me, I have a plane.......be like me.....buy a plane...sorry...you not like me, I own a Zoo...		Global finance in a nutshell
What are YOU grateful for? 		#food #shelter #clothing #toiletries #water #runningWater #medicalFacilities #speech #mobility #hearing #Clarity #family #friends #creativity #gopdHealth #love… https://t.co/iiHqkojyYE
Be wary of people who are resolved to believe that this World is horrible, that humanity is horrible by default. People with that thought process CHOOSE to only focus on the negative. Be firm in your grasp of reality, but steadfast in the movement of progress		🚦		 #Motorcycle
The #Freakface can strike anywhere. 		Be on the lookout for the freak faceded ones. They're everywhere. Coming to get you!!! 		#comedy #skit #sketch #humor #humour #funny #life… https://t.co/O8kOO9QRu9
Nobody has ever helped anybody by yelling from a balcony.
I'm pro Black, but I'm wiling to work with anybody who's wiling to meet me at my level. That means you gotta come down off your high horse.
Dear @LilTunechi shut yo little senstive ass up and stay off them drugs.
My #audition for #AmericanIdol? 		Ladies, don't all faint at once. :-*		Sorry I can't be there for all of yous. Nothing that a box of microwave popcorn and ginger ale can't cure		#humor… https://t.co/PiH0mEtWha
Fear is yet a path within the sphere of Love, it can stray, go astray, sometimes be exciting, sometimes not, but it will always lead back to Love. It has no choice. 		:)
The opposite of Love is nothing. It doesn't exist. 		Fear is the action of preservation of the self. One can love nothingness also. One who loves nothingness loves the idea of having something to fear, so they're constantly in a state of fear, not instinct, which is Love.
@kanyewest Fear is simply a reaction to preserve ourselves. The absence of Love is nothing. 		Love is the source of our greatness tho. :)
Reset your spirit. Be curious. Be astounded. Believe in miracles. Be open minded. Be grounded. Don't give all your passion to what is a small, yet overrated facet of life. Let it marinate, for the best flavor. Shaman out.
Nobody should be sexually repressed, nor is sex necessarily the cure for it. Sex is energy, life force. Be passionate about things that promote life: #Art #Science #Nature #Walks #Conversation #Music #Books #Community #Family #Exercise #Dance #Meditation Good sex might find you!
I've been told "You need Sex" from people with frustrated faces as if I'm holding back their progress....or creepy, lustful expressions as if they want to be there to witness it. This nasty voyeuristic streak in our society is a s**tstain we need to eradicate. #LogicalAbstinence
If one has to rely on sex in order to bond with another, what does that say about one's social skills? True motivations? Intent? What basic social skills are lacking that one can't bond without sex? #LogicalAbstinence
Casual Sex/Sex without commitment: The ability to have human beings at your disposal for your sexual pleasure without the unpleasant side effects of getting to know and bond with someone. Mastery over someone else versus Mastery of self. #LogicalAbstinence
When people get angry when they don't get sex, they begin to believe that they are owed sex, logically meaning they believe another person owes them their body. Domination. Ownership. Supremacy. Very similar to a rapist thought process #LogicalAbstinence
If you treat sex like a routine, like a commodity that you can get from the grocery store, I don't want to have sex with you. I don't wan't processed food sex.  #LogicalAbstinence
#Awokoobaachee
Got you in a maize of my corny sense of humour.
#OwlOwlWooOwl
When artists die of drug overdoses, we tend to frame the problem at a societal level. This is necessary, however, we should also hold artists who promote drug use accountable. Let's stop funding self-destruction. Let's be more responsible. Let's grow up y'all. #MacMiller
If I was ever on MTV Cribs, I'd have a live Xenomorph fall out of a bedroom door covered in fluid, I'd stuff it back in and pretend it never happened and just go on with the interview.		 "Don't mind that"
#SinusInfectionCartelCurse
More direct trade between #LatinAmerica and #Africa
@ReasonablyCrazy @AuntiesBlock @KyMurda @kimariaunique @4point0show @DamnJazAgain @Smooth_Orator As long as they dont have the combination for the third locker on floor 13.......I'm good.
A Pimp named #Butterslap got a message for yall repeat obnoxious #sinners 		#peace #Love #prosperity @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/hFvbQaY0YY
#Amashaugbuntu
#Mistadent a #country #singer? 		Shieeet, I go where the $$ takes me! 		#funny #comedy #skit #laugh #lol #music #melody #pitch #rhythm #syncopation #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/4zvUa1akm1
They're watching you. 		☺		#Nature #Wildlife #Plants #Animals #MotherEarth #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/Xn4vf8hAMi
🍦
#MaroonGoon
#healing with #music 		#melody #pitch #timbre 	#emotion #spirit #soul 		⚡☔🙏 https://t.co/kxbEGuAg6C
#lightworkers 		#zen #meditation #buddha #healers #prana #omshanti #metaphysics #reiki #shaman #shamanic #wisdom #light and #love #theGoodFight #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Red Rocks… https://t.co/jVgCAKFsX5
A #hymn for #theEnemy 	#real #horns 	#Music #theShaman https://t.co/eLbMEkcvyr
The word "Allah" "El" and "Jah" is in the word #Hallelujah, as well as "Ha" for the nonbelievers. ;) 		#Peace
#Afternoon #Prayer #thankfulness #mindfulness #spirit #evoking #affirnation #light #dark #confirmation #karma #gyeNyame @ Shenzhen, Zhejiang, China https://t.co/vXJ80obIVG
☺
#WESTCOAST burn one with me today. #peace #ase
Whats up Brothers, whats up #KINGS, what up Sisters, what up #QUEENS!!!!!
#ShangoFromChicagoCongo
Hey @kendricklamar imperfection is perfection nigga
#WhitePeopleBeLike: 		"Why can't we all live together" 		........but never step foot in a Black neighborhood or talk or make an effort to engage Black people at all. 		Black people have to engage White people by default to prosper in this culture. 		#inequality
Have you heard "My Djembe" by @MrTalented https://t.co/yqUT780t5j
#JesusFist will knock the lava out an icecicle.
#JesusFist will give a stage stage fright.
#selfPortrait #photo #artistic #composition #photography #camera #color #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/vns1y3s2se
From the floor to the roof. 		Shout out to bombayboyzmusic for giving me the opportunity to rock their #sapphireCyphers series. Shout out to grizzlyatoms7 for setting it up. Shout out to… https://t.co/vjFu5uap7T
Due to unforseen circumstances, the devil has been #canceled https://t.co/yUmarsf0MB
The #essence of #true #modern #spirituality in a nutshell  		#message #kindness #compassion #peace because the opposite would NOT be pretty. #oneLove 		#theShaman https://t.co/DcQizr5Ca9
To beat the enemy, one must become darker than the enemy, one must go even lower than what the enemy can imagine. It takes a strict spiritual discipline to not lose yourself in this line of thinking.
The enemy has found a vessel to inhabit. The spirit that has enveloped this vessel is holding a pure, clean spirit hostage. I won't reveal his current name, but he is the return of #Lazarus. I'm dealing with him this time, not just as a healer, but as a #Shaman also.
His efforts have infiltrated power too long, discombobulated human conscious for too long. He has returned in human form to a World that is fed up with him. His power is waning, his tricks: stale, uninspiring, shallow, tasteless, sleazy. The children of God will be his downfall.
The enemy is scared to tell the truth. SCARED. TO. TELL. THE. TRUTH. 		Think about that. What level of cowardice has a hold on a Man who can't tell the truth?
It takes nothing to verbally admit your sins. Nothing at all. One doesn't even have to do it in public. What kind of Man is scared to admit to what he's done? What kind of Man can't even open his mouth to speak the truth?
The enemy will often point to other examples of corruption, just like a child says "Why are you mad at me? When he's the one who _______". What you will never hear from him is an apology or confession. He will resist emotion and cry, scream and lie like a bratty child to the end
The enemy is the worst example of someone who lives by the "Hey, I'm not hurting anybody" philosophy, which sounds tantalizing, but beneath the surface is only sadness, decay, and depression.
Instead of looking for atonement after being cast out for his crimes, he went on a plot for revenge, much like the way a problem child throws a temper tantrum after being kicked out a class. He hides his emotion behind a mask, he hates emotion.
Do not be afraid of the enemy, do not try to beat him, chase him or otherwise. Pity him. He will never ever confess to his sins. Unfortunately for him, his power is waning, and he has no way to get it back. He must give his life back to God.
The enemy is a coward, determined to hide behind the shadows, determined to lie. Sneaky, conniving, manipulative; every single adjective that describes a Man who is scared to face himself. Wears a mask because he cannot commit his foul deeds without it. Weak and decrepit. #FACTS
The enemy is attempting to corrupt the sacred feminine. Perversion is strong within him. Violence, oppression, destruction are collateral damage of his approach to life. Do not let him trick you into thinking his motives are simply your pleasure. He is sleazy to the core.
Lets stop praising people who are morally and ethically void #Amashaugbuntu
#parenting #goals #discipline #motivation #equality #respect #manners #message #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/ajUJPmKjFW
"@Drake is a f**kin faker" - Mom.
#Saints 		Don't always feel as if the work you put in has to be sponsored by an organization, has to have a certain number of followers, has to have a large platform, has to fit a… https://t.co/2qf3avlchg
With this post, I empower you to be able to see the light that exists in everyone. I empower you to be able to discern whether you can help those whose light has dimmed, or lead them elsewhere to get help. 		Be the good sheppards my beloved. Be loved! Be love! 	#GyeNyame
With this post, I empower you to see right through social status, race, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, origin to be aware of who your true enemies and true friends are. #GyeNyame
Do not be so easily swayed by material items. Do not be so easily swayed by sex, money, power, for it's often a trap to fall into someone else's clandestine scheme.
They control the weapons, the money, the tools, the industries, the food sources. We control the appeal, influence and emotional impact of what they have. What doesn't exist can't hurt us. We can take it from them and recreate it in our image as children of GOD.
The ones left behind are desperate, angry, frustrated, sad, in need of help. They will project their toxic psyche on YOU to make you feel inferior. It's a parasitic relationship. Empower yourself with spiritual armor, do not let them feed on you.
We are in a crucial time, one where followers and practioners of good, people who've lived their life and sacrificed their selfish needs to serve are being rewarded. The ones who didn't are simply being left out, regardless of spiritual orientation.
Rules of conduct such as The 10 Commandments are practical ways to live your life to the fullest. If one chooses to follow or not follow them, that's up to that person. It holds no bearing on the word itself.
The philosophy of "Do what thou wilt" is one that is inherently anti-family and anti-child. One can mention the hypocritical people in organized religions, or the cruel practices in the stories o those books, but at least it's not written in their philosophy.
The "Do what thou wilt" philosophy is the basis for some of the most despicable crimes, including incest, bestiality, paedophilia. Having no moral center means one has no incentive to live and prosper as a family. "Thou" becomes secondary when one gives birth to a child.
I've shot the enemy with a poison bullet. The enemy is now suffering, desperate.
General Rule of Thumb: 		If the intent is malicious, the techniques used to execute do not impress me. 		They shouldn't impress you either. 		#Gospel
Thank goodness for cannabis. 		I went from wanting to choke somebody to death with my hands to politely telling them to burn in hell :) 		Freeing myself of these burdens is an oh so wonderful gift of the sacred herb. #GoodMorning
The pain I feel is immeasurable. I'm not the only one who feels it. I'm far from the only one. Why is there so much hatred for Black. #Why?
I want to believe that there isn't a conspiracy in this country to exterminate Black people, but all evidence, from historical to current trends, say otherwise.
My people are exploited by fast food companies, liquor, and record labels. We're being shown that success is measured by how much you can put down one another, not lift one another.
The #US #CriminalJusticeSystem is an #abomination to God.
My people are dying at a high rate, being imprisoned, being forced into slave labor in prisons.
Growing up, Moms told me that many White people will unashamedly use you for their own benefit, with NO regards or concern to how you feel.
Why is it normal in White culture to be secretive and manipulative? Why is the act of using people like resources applauded. Why?
A friend of mine has an STD and is actively having sex with multiple partners. She is a pathological liar, manipulator and sexual predator. 		How do I tell her to stop? 		#help
You don't know what it's like to be raised in a Black family until Moms tries to kill yo ass. True story. Memories :) 		Much respect to all the tough, discipline-minded #Mothers out there. #Love
The other Whale was like "At my signal"......... https://t.co/g9RMkGihf5
I dare Christians to say Allāhu akbar and mean it. I double dare ya! 	It's "God is the greatest" in Arabic. 	#Solidarity #Peace #Love #Prosperity #GyeNyame
Ummm, practicing a #monologue 	.......	#message to #oya from #shango #chango #xhango #santeria #voodoo #vudon #vodun #bethlehem #patience #biafra #agentCC #RR #marvel #taiwo #kehinde… https://t.co/H2RB6FYY0P
🍦
@adamgodlove perforning at 	#RoyalSouls #OpenMic 		#live #music #photography #composition #murals #instruments #Chicago #rogersPark #coffee #cafe #life #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent… https://t.co/qBQPY2cz8p
Repeat sinners: Did y'all forget the part where I get stronger the more you go against the golden rule. If I didn't annoy y'all enough already.	😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
#observe #stillness		#relax #meditate #recoup #regain 		#message #spiritual #spirituality #saints #health #mentalhealth #awareness #positivity #oneLove #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/YyQyPtBYiz
What I'm saying is not threats, it prophecy, I'm a channel, a vessel for spirit. I'm a messenger. The #Amashaugbuntu is a message from spirit.
Message I recieved from spirit:		Men who continue to have sex with multiple Women will inherit a homosexual fetish in which they need to be dominated by a Man to receive divine feminine power, OR they'll give their life to God, practice monogamy and receive it through one Woman.
Into the abyss		#forest #trees #nature #shade #shadow #green #photography #composition #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/WSaUOw0npt
Patterns of chaos. 		#nature #photography #trees #green #color #macro #photography #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago metropolitan area https://t.co/TVxhavwp58
Awarerity 		Short #film by #SegunDent 	#goodMorning #video #footage #art #sunrise #colors #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Northwestern University https://t.co/uIDInWmy7p
If animals start to fear you less, you're doing your job. Animals can instinctually sense negativity. Notice the behavior of domesticated and wild animals, even in urban areas. 	#peace
Renknown #synethicist #CornRinreforous von Cornpernicus has a vital message of relearning and rethinking structures of power. 		Where are we on the food chain? Do our emotions get guided… https://t.co/dm1mCfamCb
Don't let em take yo sexy away. Exercise, for the primary benefit of your physical and emotional well-being. The cosmetic benefits are secondary, an incentive. #GyeNyame
@ReasonablyCrazy @4point0show missed it, was tasting catfish from this Black kitchen.
One of my fav verses, off the #Mixtape by  @TheQuon "The Re-Tape" https://t.co/AMRqHtsfuR #underground #Chicago #HipHop #ChicagoHipHop #Music #Art #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent
⚡☔🙏
#KGBoogooboogooboo
#zimzimzim 		#photography #bar #club #nightlife #light #color #composition #focus #ice #water #yopyopyop #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Beauty Bar Chicago https://t.co/vVmmhKmegq
#chinerrrontherhinerrrr
#Amashaugbuntu #總理
Performing 'Motorcycle' and 'The Shaman' Live at #RedLineTap via @HeartlandCafe recorded by @ReasonablyCrazy #ChicagoHipHop #Chicago #HipHop #Live #Show #concert #footage #seance #Oracles #theManofManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/cSlPutQfbn
Post show #cypher at @redlinetap with @ThisismeIsaiah @rrodriguez2784 that_ericmartin @adamgodlove #live #band #music #hiphop #offTheTop #Freestyle #music #community #love… https://t.co/kP9a0Ms7fB
I will be performing tomorrow, 8/16/18 @redlinetap 	7006 Glenwood	Chicago, right off the Morse Red Line. 		I will debut my new song #Motorcycle at #OneLoveAtHeartland, hosted by… https://t.co/IeenUbrIhi
#Meditation #MotherNature #orchestra #painting #Matriarchical #Order #Plants #Community #Ecosystem #Lifeblood of #Earth 		 - #theShaman 		#love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent #CCC @… https://t.co/CbVMpjHRxg
It's insane to think #MotherNature doesn't have a control mechanism for us. 		The #Amashaugbuntu is real. I'm just the messenger. I hope we change our ways........		#photography #nature… https://t.co/VgQuXX92xT
Madame General Dent dabbin on em!		#Moms #Family #Portrait #Coffee #Art #life #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Sip22 https://t.co/hTZrWZPNhD
#Message to the #World  	#WorldPeace #YaDig? 		#yourGoodFriend 	#OneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent 		😊 @ Syrian Satellite Channel https://t.co/P92Bqxt9ix
Apparently this World doesn't care about the lives of Women and Children anymore. The vessels that carry life and the future of life, we don't care about them anymore. 		We're supposed to be the Men that protect them, ALL OF THEM.		 That's the reason for the #Amashaugbuntu
#Amashaugbuntu
#Prisons in the US have become State sanctioned slavery.
A #revolution similar to the #60s is coming back.		This time, we're well aware that (moderate) use of certain substances can heal and allow you to contact spirit more freely + we're also well aware that we have a set of genitals that we can put to use (hopefully responsibly)
There is nothing wrong with feeling like everything is going to be alright, even in your darkest moments. 		When you feel that others are obliged to work for you to make sure you feel alright, that's when you lose gratitude and become arrogant.		 Always stay grateful. Always.
Purify your tantric (sexual) energy and God will bless you.		Your life will change, your body will change. Your intuition will be enhanced, your sense of pleasure enhanced. 		#peace
The thick of the morning. 		#Lakefront #evanston #chicagoland #chicago #sunrise #morning #light #clouds #grey #orange #sunlight #beach #rocks #photography #love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/2jj0QsTVOf
#coincidence? 	🌆🌆🌆🌆🌆🌆	#mamiWata #Moms #Mom #vodun #vodou #voodoo #wiccan #santeria #deity #family #portrait #tradition #water #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/7jgZCsY9uk
Clear indigo sky. Small cackling bonfire. A woman's hand, forearm, extending slighlty from a white cloth, fingers holding a stick
Into the cosmos, on the air. 		Click this… https://t.co/IDMyNs4kLi
https://t.co/2tTj1V5dE4
#SHAMAN #CUT #WWE #PROMO @ Washington, District of Columbia https://t.co/cZX17vtV26
#Amashaugbuntu #IWaaaantMyyyyyyIccccceeeeeeCwwweaaaaaaaaaaam 💙
#health #fitness #prose #discipline #art #combination #selfHelp #wellness #motivation #consistency #focus #strength #grace #portrait #gym #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago,… https://t.co/xE1nteHdoH
My sexual orientation is #YouAintGettinNoneUnlessYouTellTheTruth
As far as my #sexualOrientation its #noneOfYoFunkinBusiness, better be lucky I ain't banging YOU!! Which isn't a bad thing in your shoes. 😀
I was never #mixed. 		Were all mixed by default. Not bi-racial either, don't know what it's like to grow up as a White Man, I was raised by my Moms, a #BlackWoman. Came from a Black Womb, #Community helped  raise me 2 b a Man. #Black		White folks (of all races), DEAL WITH IT!!!
There was no term #Black or #White to describe people in Biblical times. People were described by their shade of color, i.e. Bronze.
#racialpolitics #message #comedy #prophecy @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/kQQxJs5HrT
#Message #Africa #African #American #AfricanAmerican #Black #Pride #BlackLivesMatter #Negro #Negus #Discipline #Accountability #Responsibility #Respect #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent… https://t.co/g9YFmRX6tN
#bronze		bränz/		noun		1.		a yellowish-brown alloy of copper with up to one-third tin.
Here's an image of what #Bronze looks like for clarification. https://t.co/1bnwohBAre
"I know YOU AIN'T TALKIN!!!!"		.....Dooooo you? 		Then how the heck did you just hear what I said?
#MumboSauce
@AntYoWise @AmunRAGodSun1 What about Olorun, Oludamare, Oshun, Yemoja amd the other Nature spirit Gods which have existed before Egypt or Khemet was even a thought?
#Amashaugbuntu
#Reading #Traveling #Cooking #Documentaries #GoodTv #Movies #Walking #MartialArts #RidingPublicTransit #Nature #Art #Production #Rapping #Music #Sports #Fitness #SelfHelp #LearningNewSkills #NewCultures #NewFoods #Cities #RollerCoasters #organizing #thingsIFindMoreExcitingThanSex
Fire cackles under a cold. desert, indigo sky. I'm there.
I'm reading the book(s) when God wills me to. Patterns unfolding in real time. Reading through the words and becoming them, rather than reciting them. 		#Patience
@ReasonablyCrazy cause you're......drumroll.............wait for it....................SOUL FOR REAL!!!!!
Competition is good in the realm of sports, games, and the like. 		Nobody's LIFE is your competition. 		That's obsession!
We damaged the reputation of the #Ego, turned into a word synonymous with competition and domination. Had we worked together for a mutually beneficial goal, we would have created remedies for diseases, starvation, pollution, addictions, war.............preserved SELF.
The #ego is never jealous, possessive or self-centered. The ego knows that self can't exist without the environment that surrounds self. To be self-centered means you only see things from your self field-of-view, which is not 360° 		The ego is the center of #selfPRESERVATION.
#Shango reads a #poem 		#love @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/fM7uAfuPpz
@ReasonablyCrazy Moms informed me of more White Supremacy.
In more important business, I made some good crescent rolls.
I hope every one of you scared, whining little squealing cowards are reading this. #WhiteSupremacists
None of these scary cracker #WhiteSupremacists EVER come to the ghetto in any city EVER!!! #COWARDS They stay in their little #SCARED caves, and only do demonstrations where there's heavy Police. Come to the ghetto, where the Police won't save yo ass.  #I_SPIT_ON_YOUR_CAUSE
Every verse in this song is dedicated to #WhiteSupremacists #WhiteNationalists the "#Haters" 		What do we do to haters around here? 		HUH?!!!!		https://t.co/KjWnGijmDg
I don't have the time to deal with this shit. #racism
The #USMilitary and #USLawEnforcement needs to weed out all #WhiteSupremacy and #WhitePride groups before their members wake up in an eternal inferno. ;) Please save them. Please.
#Mood #Blue #Saturation #Amashaugbuntu #Redux #CoolAndHumble #Determined #Focused #Watching #Working 	#OneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ HerzlElementarySchool https://t.co/0qbbgnIqVI
I'm a tough Man, but sometimes it sucks not having a lady to hold and talk to on a deeper level. Physical intimacy is such a small thing, yet it's taken for granted in a big way. Gotta soldier on, be #coolandhumble.
Shout out to #DjUneek for making a #masterpiece 	https://t.co/Pb8Vgm280w
My fav song of all time #1stOfThaMonth is a celebration, and a #holyMockery of crime and capitalism.
#BoneThugsNHarmony have always been like the army for #Oya. E.99 Eternal is their most celebrated album. Any multiple of 9 will be broken down to 9 in #numerology.
Hearing "I wanna _______ " from Women and Men is not necessarily a gift. #ESP
#whassup https://t.co/9paLTGdGPC
#message #spiritualEmpowerment 	#love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/iYoou8pGQ8
#theShaman #CosmicScatting 	#music #myBodyIsAnInstrument #gifts #love @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/IWfF6oO9Ia
Things I find exciting: 	#Reading #Traveling #Cooking #Documentaries #GoodTvShows #Movies #Walking #MartialArts #RidingPublicTransit #Nature #Art #Production #Rapping #Music #Sports #Fitness #SelfHelp #LearningNewSkills #DifferentCultures #DifferentFoods #Cities #RollerCoasters
#KrayzieBone on the #warmup #track #boxing #health #fitness #gym #martialArts #strength #training #agility #speed #technique #form #hustle #perseverance #spirit  		#love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/2hqbQoe39p
#underground #subway #jamSession #El #chicago #live #music #publicArt #publicMusic #rocknroll #electricGuitar #drums #melody #percussion #urban #cityLife #video #footage #Love… https://t.co/uU0ftVnt85
I misspelled "Hannah" two tweets down. Correction: It's #HannahFrank
@4point0show You already know. :)
#TripleS 	#SmugSaintSmile #SanctifiedSmilingSaint 	#GoodMorning 	#Portrait 	#Photography	#Art 	#Color 	#Love	#theManOfManyFaces 	#Mistadent @ Chicago Loop https://t.co/JnVfmbwonM
#HanahFrank #performing		#underground #chicago #folkMusician #octo5quid #video #footage #Amashaugbuntu #Sight #Sound #Touch #Smells #Taste #Intuition 		#love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/M2lmhh6Qpl
#ThouWillWilt
I see you. 		#Amashaugbuntu @ Rogers Park, Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/tx9nQ0NSAN
Warning to peoples of #Earth. A #sexualOffender exists in our midst. I have binded it down to itself. Spread this NEW image as a warning to ANYONE who may follow it. https://t.co/7oja9YURJ4
The #Amashaugbuntu just got gutter.
She has taken advantage of my kindness, my willingness to help on multiple occasions, only to use it for her own selfish motivations. I want nothing to do with her anymore. There's only so much I can take.
Saints: There is an enemy that is trying to take over my body psychically. She is using my essence for her own personal gain. This is akin to rape. Please help me remove her from my life. Pray for me.
https://t.co/Yp99X4EGf1
People will turn to increased drug use, more bizzarre, deviant sex and sexual rituals, and more alcohol. Eventually, the body, mind and soul won't be able to take anymore so taking one's own life will be the way out, unless one seeks faith.
If we don't change the way we think about relations and relationships, mass suicides will become part of our culture. As 20-somethings turn 30, the need to seek a partner will overwhelm the need to procreate, but addictive habits will block this process.
#sea #anenome #coral #reef #underwater #wildlife #colors #natural #ocean #oceanic #life #wonders #water #Love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/1cFkIzq9Gg
Taking the school bus past the #Lollapaolloza stage like #meh. 		Maybe it's a side effect of #enlightenment, but fame means nothing to me anymore. 		#confession
@ReasonablyCrazy Bruh
Yonge &amp; Bloor.
Wanna see me angry? 	Catch me on slow, unreliable #PublicTransit. 		😤
I'm bigger, meaner and more dedicated than my predecessor. I fight dirty too. #SaintDent
#CrookedPolice and any #Officer of the #Law who abuses their power will be #sterilized.
#Artwork for #theManOfManyFaces	 	#comingSoon #mural #digital #mystery #montage #visual #art #color #line #shape #value #texture #form #space #love #SegunAdisaDent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/jXHcICKYF1
@ReasonablyCrazy Why do that when there's Pilates?
Note: Recognition of being the first does not confirm special treatment. Do not become like a selfish first born child.
#Africans, take some time to research your Brothers and Sisters across the Water. https://t.co/LdGv8QeBrQ
@GuSv01 @mansj @DSvard I put these on at night often.
https://t.co/eBrWruGc6U
#Vodun will descend upon the #MiddleEast tonight.
🍦
#Hello World; @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/pMR6bU0B9r
https://t.co/QKowMhy8LZ
https://t.co/1ucnvtppyf
#motivation #motivationalSpeaker #speech #madmax #comedy #humor #humour #funny #skit #love #theManOfManyFaces #MistaDent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/maaB6v1c9S
Sodom and Gamorah were destroyed because people were doing too much #Fucking and not enough #MakingLove. The manner in which said fucking was done is unimportant. Know this, carnality is linked to violence.		 Both those cities were destroyed by its own residents stupidity.
https://t.co/Adj8ucvegy
أنت لا تحب ما أتكلم؟ لا أهتم. الله أكبر
إذا كنت مسلمًا وتكره أشخاصًا مثليين ، فسوف أقتنص ذراعيك
#theShaman cook ramen noodles in Lava.
https://t.co/QzyVKZI6Cw
#theShaman make glaciers feel cold.
If #theShaman was in that movie #TheExorcist, he'd just toss some powder on the b**ch and leave. She be aiight. Movie over.
Definition: 		#FarRight #AltRight: A group of cowards.  		Synonyms: 		#Racist #Sexist #Homophobic #ReligiousDictators #GunNuts #PornAddicts #Pedophiles #Rapists #Misogynists #AntiSemitic #AntiMuslim #AntiImmigrants #ProWhiteSupremacy #FilthyMinded #Perverts
https://t.co/ZaHLzjxc3u
Anybody in this World homophobic? Wanna challenge me to a one on one fight? (WITH my ankle sprained). Bet I beat the dogshit outta you. #FACTS
#SinBolasLazarus is also vehemently #Homophobic. It's amazing how many #cowards like him are homophobic. Grown men scared of rainbows. What a bunch of sad, weak, unable to fend for themself, whiny puppies.
#TheGossip #FemaleAndMale #SadPugSadPugSadPug!!!! https://t.co/NIgxqeP6Y7
Say hello to my neighbor upstairs. She likes to follow my Mother and I from room to room, even to the bathroom! Her entire life seems to revolve around following me from room to room. I won't say her name. Say a prayer for her. #Nosy #NoLifeHavin #GossipinAssPeople #GetALife
What two forms of music do people listen to the most currently when the word #Revolution is mentioned? 		#Reggae and #HipHop
This is #Violet 	https://t.co/WESubujSYn 		This is #Purple (I know it says Violet) https://t.co/WG0AKVE0Je		 This is #Turquoise 	https://t.co/JOW1NxoJVE 		This is #Indigo 	https://t.co/UrLByyuVCK 		#ColorTheory #ComputerArtMultimediaMajorBeeyatch #Peace
#Red #Strength #Soul | #Orange #Passion #Compassion #RockNRoll | #Yellow #Faith #Healing #Swing #Jazz | #Green #Courage #Reggae #HipHop #Rhythm | #Turquoise #Grace #Odd #Funk | #Indigo #Hope #Blues #Cool | #Purple #Wisdom #Gospel #Calm | #Violet #Love | #7ModernChakrasPlusOne &lt;3
https://t.co/shwV9JnFf4
https://t.co/GLKj6Iya4t
#portrait #bronze #brass #gold #sepia #melanin #black #skin #redbone #color #art #beautiful #colors #love #theManOfManyFaces #MistaDent @ Evanston Beach https://t.co/LHuC26REKw
I'm watching you		#digitalArt #Art #pixel #plasma #painting #hypperreal #surreal #abstract #vision #love #theManOfManyFaces #MistaDent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/6uEVJlSkwm
#GoodMorning 		#singing #charlene by  #anthonyHamilton #rnb #vocals #sung #music #emotion #life #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/phJBsUcSpi
More Black American trips to cities, not resorts, CITIES in Latin America. More travel from Africa to Latin and South America and Latin America to Africa. There are more places to visit than Europe, East Asia and the USA. Expand your horizons, you might find some rewards. :)
- but I'm just a nobody ;)
Jesus will stomp the shit out you.
Being tortured is not a fun experience. I refuse to open that part of my mind, My body won't even allow me to get there. Oh, you didn't know? My body is weaponized. My instincts are extraordinary, my speed out of this world, my strength immense, my physical stamina overwhelming.
I'm not going to relive that trauma from my past life. The cycle is broken. - Say it multiple times.
Be kind, be gentle, be soft as the wind.
Some perverted right-wing, wanna be white supremacist, sexist, anti-semitic, conspiracy theory nut job is losing badly in trying to take me down. His envy is seething, callous, annoying. Dude is part Latino, to make things worse. #ColonialSelfHatredFAIL #SinBolasLazarus
https://t.co/FIqUFUdX9B
Call upon #MamaChancleta Y #Chihuahua and observe. ::P
I'm having too much fun..	🌚🌝🌚🌝🌚🌝🌚🌝🌚	#freestyle #instrumental #bigtymers #cmr #latenight #lunacy with #mistadent #hiphop #music #Love #theManOfManyFaces #MistaDent https://t.co/tragaiodHS
You in the #humble abode of the #Goon #Azul 	#house #music #hiphop #freestyle #offTheTop #improv #jillscott #instrumental #soul #relax #love #theManOfManyFaces #MistaDent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/Pu3YnJimjS
https://t.co/fyNHRv4m6E
#Karma is very much real. Build/Destroy Destroy/Rebuild Destroy/Build will happen, regardless of the time. The intensity and enjoyment of this cycle is dependent on your faith in it, and your willingness to #LISTEN
I don't even have the power to influence people to do bad things. I can't cantrol decisions, thoughts, I don't need to. What profit would that gain my soul.
Look at any depiction of the #VirginMary, most of them, even the ones that look nothing like my #Mother. Look at her expression. She has her head down in sadness for anyone that would want to f**k with her or her son. #TrillTalk
https://t.co/lDcqEnLCRr
Oh #Moms is laughing her ass off right now from the other room. :)
https://t.co/qX9MSuE1Yy
#bacteria created all life in the universe. :)
https://t.co/Ng5DgvieFK
Re: #Moms #Anger		There is no reason in #her anger. There is only instinct, to kill  	To erase from existence. 		#She trained me well. I'm a bit more accommodating :) 		Let someone harm a hair on her head, I will stretch that word "instant" into "undetermined time" 		#jussayin
People talking about they fear #Satan, you better fear #theShaman. 	I work for an even tougher employer....at her best, she is the pinnacle of compassion, at her worst, she is instant extinction personified. She can poision anyone at any time, especially if they f**k w her son :)
Recruiting for #ShamanArmy 		#healers #lightworkers #wiccans #magicians #vodun #vudon #voodoo #occult #neters #wizards #sorcerors 	#healers #prosperous #aware #swoke #compassionate… https://t.co/HBqCReghZH
#shaman #channel #lillith 	#comedy 		#theShaman @ Chicago metropolitan area https://t.co/d4szUhaIey
#Shaman #channel #defeatedEnemies and beat enemies more. 	#spiritual 	#theShaman 	:) @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/6yPK4CVYyC
Come on down 2 Tha Pond		#rnb #anthem #soul #music #singing #sanging #black #melinated #colored #nigger #negro #nigga #nightmare come true! 		...and I'm just the turtle in the Pond.… https://t.co/ABeGfPZl6V
The threats to my #otherName are numerous, so much that I FEAR. 		#Emotion #Laughter #SanctifiedSank #FunkyMuthafunka #1 #StDent aka #Shango aka #Yeshua aka #SegunDent aka #MistaDent… https://t.co/pl1Kii7Ayi
Check this out, I'm featured on the "Weekly Review" section of @VoyageChicago 		https://t.co/2dnqAXVOOJ
@Independent "I'm sorry you thought I was racist" is not an apology.
I can say with extreme confidence that I'm 100% successful in all my endeavors thus far.
A Man too concerned with being better than other Men, and "On top" is similar to a Chipmunk stuffing his face with nuts. "Real gangsta-ass negus don't flex nuts 'Cause real gangsta-ass negus know they got 'em" @BrotherMob https://t.co/FrHA07HHmx
https://t.co/z28sTDL6FE
The overall theme of the track #Wayneface is to carry yourself with dignity, but make ample time to have some fun and a sense of humor.	https://t.co/ElMxk3HZmH	"Ya face'll be right back, biting the back of that high giraffe, saying "hi giraffe, hi zebra", hotter than high fever"
#Wayneface also has another meaning, it refers to to a "mwaash aMbooy" mask from the Congo, also known as "Woot".   		Read more here: https://t.co/r7eMNPJeWO		#w00t
Here's the #Wayneface https://t.co/ysCsslBpq3
A quick history of #Wayneface. It was a Meme from a message board I'm part of, like a HipHop Reddit based on a screenshot from a #LilWayne video where he had his hand over his head in a goofy expression. Everytime somebody said something stupid, someone replied with the picture.
Have you heard my track #Wayneface yet? 		https://t.co/ItZBCYmbuV
I don't believe in taking another life when it's not in self-defense, even for cruel, evil people. Their essence will return and find a new host to attach itself to.
My Grandfather was a veteran of the Korean War. He was one of the first Black Colonels. 		 #RIP
@ToxicTherapist &lt;3
She was born an unknowing vessel for death and decay into a world that became obsessed with it. Death is not Life's opposite  a part of us dies every night when we sleep.
There isn't a soul on this planet that isn't beautiful. There is plenty of non-beautiful behavior though. #Gospel
The goodnesss in #her is much stronger than him. Beneath the layer is a powerful, creative, compassionate healer, a soul who was born in the wrong circumstances, not feeling  beautiful, treated unfairly. She was praised in public, shunned behind doors, an outcast.
The #AngryAntelope takes trips back and forth to #Chicago in disguise, to try to corrupt the #DivineFeminine as well as the #DivineMasculine.
Mr.Lazarus has to remove the stone by himself this time. He's under control of the full chested goat. To all my Saints in the #BayArea, say a prayer for the #AngryAntelope
RT @cnni: Virgin Galactic just got a supersonic step closer to space tourism https://t.co/4YCMUOWLTo
On the real #2Legit2Quit is one of my top 10 most turnt up songs ever. Props to @MCHammer
The #Amashaugbuntu will be extended indefinitely, and further enhanced by #Religion and #Spiritual people across the #World through #Prayer, #Meditation and #Dance 		#Ase
All sonic #vibrations and light #wavelengths will be linked to tonights. #Amashaugbuntu. 		✴✳÷=÷=÷×+÷+÷+÷+÷+÷+÷+
I bind the spirit of #Ego in Jesus name. Amen.
For Derrion.
#Movement #Amashaugbuntu 	#Tonight 		https://t.co/sjKpIhUE1j
On this #FullMoon tonight, all forms of #Melody, #Timbre #Percussion and #Rhythm will enhance the #Amashaugbuntu, whether directly or indirectly.		🎶🎶
#Saints: Want to enhance the #Amashaugbuntu even more tonight?!  	🌚	#Dance wildly, #yell, make #crazy faces, #sing, listen to good music. Make it a family affair if you can. I have a sprained ankle, so I'll be #meditating. 😁 https://t.co/2O57gIEGEH
Show love to the #Black #Baptist #Church. Because of this #AfricanAmerican #Christian  tradition, we have #Gospel, #Jazz, #Blues, #Soul, #Rock, #Reggae, #Pop, #House, and #HipHop #Music.	Nearly all modern music stemmed from the Black Church in America. #History #Appreciation
I have placed an #Amushaugbuntu on our planet for the safety our children and elders. It's a sex curse that sterilizes toxic libido. Tonight I will enhance this curse via Full Moon Meditation. 		Join me. 🌑
Taking someone else's lover is a badge of honor. Lying to get what you want is a badge of honor. Defiling public spaces is a badge of honor. Recording sexual activity is a badge of honor. Keeping a sex scorecard is a badge of honor. This tarnishes the true Divine nature of sex.
Why do I speak on sex so much?		 I believe it's become the dominant motivation in our culture. Look at our culture of materialism, violence, exploitation and corruption.		 We're obsessed with "doing bad" and feeling proud of it, to the point where it's become a sexual fetish.
This also applies to any sexual act, not limited to sleeping together. In fact, I won't even engage in a mouth to mouth kiss without feeling a deep emotional bond first.
At the very least, I need a deep emotional bond with whom I'm sleeping with. I've heard people argue that they receive emotional bonds through sex first. Everybody I've heard say this also has no committed partner, or they often complain about not having one. What gives?
Our culture rewards and promotes instant gratification. Sex, sex, sex, sex, everwhere. The most disturbing examples are in the news. We crave salacious sex stories, and it's often served to us alongside stories of violence.
The art of taking it slow, seduction is dying. #Sex has become a cheap commodity in which people are reduced to body parts and sexual acts. The need to get to know your partner is no longer important as the need to gratify.
I can feel vibrations and emotion. Many people close to me are angry, sad and frustrated about my decision to be abstinent.  It makes no sense to me.
I'm trying not to be "holier than thou". I'm neutral on the subject. I used to be sexually aroused by the idea of having sex without commitment, but not anymore. I'm drawn towards having children, but to get there requires a level of trust that sex cannot provide IMO.
I want some tapioca pudding.		It's 2:17 am.
I've seen articles extolling the benefits of sex, but with very little emphasis on healthy relationships. The benefits the articles speak of are also easily attainable by prayer, meditation, fitness and many other free, readily-available productive activities. #preMaritalSex
I do however see plenty of negatives of pre-marital sex: broken relationships, pornography, malicious intent, exploitation, misogyny, a culture that rewards instant gratification over patience. 		What are the positives?
Nothing has motivated me to seek sex ever since I started becoming more disciplined and enlightened with prayer, exercise and meditation. I feel good about it, but it's frowned on in our society.
I'm going to do an experiment  i asked God to show me the value of pre-marital sexual relations. So far I havent gotten a clear answer other than "it feels good". I'm open minded about it. If anyone has any literature, please send it my way.
#chihuaha #mural #latino #latinoAmerican #art #paint #color #visual #eyeCandy #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/T3idMcVYkR
Anarchy &amp; Architecture. Combined	📷	#throwback #downTown #saopaolo #sãopaolo #brazil #urban #street #photography #graffiti #urban #patina #detail #street #city #photography @ São Paulo,… https://t.co/rGwuAs8zBR
@227Sanja Wtf?
#NowPlaying #Rakim #KnowTheLedge 		https://t.co/fI2M3IEOAl
A todos mis santos de América Latina. Usen la bandera Estadounidense y otros recuerdos Americanos. 😜
RT @DMX: I am blessed when people let me pray with them...before a show or in the streets, when two or more gather in his name he is there.…
They forgot to look below. 		Let's go to war.  :)		#mood #portrait #underground #EL 	#chicago #goodMorning #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Block Thirty Seven https://t.co/LVhvUH3eNa
#NowPlaying Slaughterhouse - Onslaught https://t.co/vxBJaGWXXx via @YouTube
https://t.co/5H98O4IXdj
Check out what happens to my new background as I scroll down on my phone. https://t.co/DHqRdN6x1W
Tomorrow I'm coming for #NYC #NewYorkNewYork ready for the likes of this? 		:-*
#Saints: https://t.co/e6hIUCkgzX
Since when did we become afraid of Human #Emotion 		#message from #theShaman @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/itl0NyR6EZ
:)
I bind the spirit of #condescension in the name of Jesus.
All this talk of "ascending", don't ascend yo ass so high you forget to look around and fall.
Inside your phone is a healing crystal. Sanctify it, bless it, be nice to it. Use it as a tool to unify. Make it Holy.	 #Sanctiphone.
https://t.co/ohYxSjIEVC
https://t.co/0mDvdsYdFY
#Satan is a #myth, the #Devil is a myth. 		I'm real.		 The enemy is voice of doubt that causes us to live in the past. Let us move forward, and be free of that enemy. Are you in? Say "I'm in", Amen.
https://t.co/ezB60mtRon
I'm putting the beat of the #drum into every #TechGiant #ResearchLaboratory and #ThinkTank in the entire metropolitan #BayArea 	Ase
I'm walking through the streets of #Oakland #California right now.
Now Playing: Blood of Abraham. 	https://t.co/s19mVki72v
Allow debates to happen in Churches.
BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG		SHAMANDRUM SHAMANDRUM SHAMANDRUM		#EECHEECHEECHEECHEECHEECHEEECHEEEEEEEEE
Dance in public at night. ;)
@ReasonablyCrazy Blood and Urine.
Don't I look so free-flowing and whispy?!!!!! 	......Actually, that kind of looks my homie and super dope MC #ELegal,		  https://t.co/bz8wEyHWH5 https://t.co/leNzQvqwyu
@ReasonablyCrazy You would, til you smelled it.
Salacious stuff DID go down on Sept 25th. Xmas was celebrated as a tradition because freaky perverts kept revisiting it in their heads, so there had to be a family friendly version. Santa (Note the spelling) was also created to put a goofy face over the real culprit, a PERVERT.
@ReasonablyCrazy As long as you got your shot together, you all good my dude!
Let me work. 		#theManOfManyFaces		Coming soon. 		:) https://t.co/IKeNEI1cua
https://t.co/2VuyzeXmkt
Some of the language and rhetoric my people use in discussion of race sounds eerily like that of White Supremacists and people who believe in Eugenics. Just replace White with Black. #YallBetterWatchThatMess #WhoseSideYouReallyOn
https://t.co/UNjNjWtK9C
Moms is an unabashed #swirler, meaning if you have a problem with "race-mixing" in 2018.... She'll swirl yo ass right down the toilet, regardless of what you claim. #ThinkImPlaying #HerWordsNotMine
All #Women are employed and empowered by my Mother until further notice. Ase.
Moms bought me this cool gift. 	🌚🌝🌚🌝🌚🌝🌚🌝🌚🌝🌚	#incense #wiccan #blackMagick #family #cool #love #theManOfManyFaces @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/WOexbEBAsP
Perverts only think up to the waist. Staying in the Root Chakra turns Red into bloodthirst.  Going as far as the sacral chakra means one is only thinking about Orange Fire. (Hell)
Sheh-goon. Sheh is the same phonetic sound in the word "neck". Goon is pronounced with heavy emphasis on the "Goo". 		Segun. 		☺
I bind the spirit of neutrality in the name of Segun Dent.
I bind the spirit of mystery in the name of https://t.co/qrmClNw1OO
Want your love life to have that extra "ummmph". Get some #HolySpirit in ya life. :)
...out of darkness came light		...out of a Mother's womb, the first time a human eye can conceive light 		Semen is in the dark until it bursts INTO the light. What causes it to happen? DARKNESS		Disrespect Women, you disrespect yourself. See how #Racism and #Sexism are related?
The #Male + #Female &amp; #theHolySpirit - New #ParadigmShift
Ogún and Shango working together? 		We been working together.  Where YOU been?
If you're competing with someone in something that's not an actual organized competitive sport, you're wasting your time.		Don't try to compete with other people's lives. Your competition should be your past version of yourself. #Gospel
I am who I say I am. My position is solidified. Prophecy isn't a democratic process. You have two choices: join me, or pretend not to join me. :)
Game on. A pickup game at the school I work. 		#sports #exercise #athletics #teaching #mentoring #discipline #recreation #competition #photography #CoreValues #community #oneLove… https://t.co/ob6YswhSH1
I was raised an only child, but #Moms has a big crew of sons and daughters that you might want to get to know ;)		#PowerCircle #LaCasaDeMamá #GetWithIt #Village #Family #Life #photography… https://t.co/LLwaiJujTJ
Have you seen my video: "Segun". 		Filmed by Brohammed,  @Darkroom220 and edited by 1/3rd Emcee @JLeslieMonique 		https://t.co/numqFjUMgu
@ReasonablyCrazy He ain't lying, he just hasn't provided the timeframe for "soon". Lmao
RT @ABC: The longest total lunar eclipse of the century is coming Friday. https://t.co/7LNoFEryWH https://t.co/0e6ffRKDXw
How did we let the Snake Oil salesman run our lives?
#WellNotNecessarilyLogic 		"Will the structural integrity of the ground we walk on weaken with excess #Oil drilling?"		"Welllll, not necessaaaaarily. 		Check this out..check this out here, see...cavities made in the Earth by oil drilling will fill up with water or OIL. Ya dig!"
#WellNotNecessarilyLogic 	Cavities won't NECESSARILY make your teeth fall out. Saliva, water, and even apple juice can fill the empty space made by cavities and your teeth will be just fine....
....Further research has to be done on "Holestima" before we can begin to fully understand it.		Funded by the Federal Foundation for Gettin Wasted.
#WellNotNecessarilyLogic		Example: Does your liver suffer from excess drinking? 		"Wellllll.....not necessarily, it may develop holes, but those holes are part of a chemical process known as "holestima". Holestima develops through excess drinking and is further enhanced by..."
What happens to the ground after you drill oil? What happens to those cavities created by excess drilling? I see no believable answers from Science. What I see are shaky "wellll, not necessarily" answers.
Just like the human body, nature has ways of dealing with waste. Nature has ways of eliminating species it finds toxic also......
The inside of your body has natural waste management and recycling facilities, just like a swamp or pond. When you toss trash into a swamp or pond, it accumulates.
Another alternative to alcohol is #Kombucha, which is fermented Tea. If it's not available in your area, request it. It's a refreshing and healthy #probiotic. Pro-biotic. Probiotics promote the growth of healthy bacteria that break down toxic substances in the body.
Drink safely, whether it's Liquor, Beer, or Wine. You already know that though. Your liver knows it too. #LIVEr. Same thing with healthy/unhealthy Food.
So for all you Islam haters in #America, everytime you crack a bottle of #JackDaniels or any other Liquor, you're drinking a Muslim drink.
Al-cohol is also called "spirits". It's part of an ancient tradition of alchemy, pioneered by Islamic chemists. Alchemists. Al+Khemet 	These spirits leave the body open for habitation, vulnerable. This ritual was meant to be done sparingly. #LiquorFacts
If you're drinking in the morning, you probably are an alcoholic. I used to be one, don't fret. Ween off it. Weekend social drinking, fresh fruit juice, coffee, tea, smoothies during the week.
I've trained my mind, body, and soul so well, it's impossible to iniatiate a sexual encounter with me unless it's wholesome and meant to happen. I react on instinct. My energy extends to whatever I visualize or speak into existence also. 😗 		#SorryNotSorry
Everytime I feel a wave of lust, I send it to wholsesome, spiritually powerful places and people, keeping the most potent version of it for myself.
They say prostitution is the oldest profession, well, pimpin is even older, so all you bitter, two-timing habitual sinners keep sending me everything you got so I can clean it, reshape and redistribute it to empower us Saints.  #SpiritualDarwinism #Sincerely #DaddyDent
#GOODMORNING		Did you know you can brush your teeth with #ActivatedCharcoal? It also can be eaten and also can be used in lotion. 		#wellness #health #holistic #care #cleanliness… https://t.co/uFvxN5lNSq
https://t.co/7wQnwPqsyn
Chillin with my brother @brothabinary @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/A8o3ShhWft
Choppin it up with my brother, @brothabinary #shalom
#SquanderSquadRecords - Squandering squads since forever. Are you a member of Squander Squad Records? Do you squander your talent? If so, join the team at Squander Squad records said no Man ever.
#YoungAncient is feeling a lot more Young and a lot less Ancient nowadays. 		#comedy #skit #thief #humor #humour #taped on the #EL. 	#lunatic #soul #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/NJWdDHGmtf
#FrenchMan in #Ethiopia 	A #skit by #Mistadent 	#improv #comedy #monday #funday #humor #humor #smile #joy #love #peace #prosperity @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/s6exmnAa15
Just posted a photo @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/e1alPtky1B
https://t.co/OfYnbFSGpE
https://t.co/9o9H39ZbCz
https://t.co/mfOgiRoLtz
😜😗😝😙😘😜😗😚😙😨😩😡😥😭😓😥😫😫😓😰😓😥😭😫😷😱😫😫😰😩😫😰😓😨😩😤😥😭😤😠😰😨😩😥😭😪😩😚😀☺😁😗😃😊😗😄😄😚😁☺😙☺😀😍☺😔
#Portrait @ Greenwich, Newham, United Kingdom https://t.co/5NcgkNs1EN
#NowPlaying #GHerbo #Common #ChanceTheRapper "Fight Or Flight" 		https://t.co/ODPgZRRZ2z
RT @DJFlash4eva: It’s great to SEE and HEAR a sold out show at the Hip Hop: People, Places and Things show, wow 	#hiphop #hhppt https://t.c…
Yo @Eminem! I think @iamKrayzieBone destroyed the #RapGod beat better than you. #Listen #NuffRespect #Salute 		https://t.co/VMPn52pLU6
Every song #Drake does sounds like a love letter to his twin flame. #Saints: Let's pray for #AubreyGraham, so he can find him. #LoveIsLove #Chaos
https://t.co/hOugPgVKoJ
https://t.co/ZD2FnN4h8l
https://t.co/093gKoYvFN
https://t.co/1EVv6xHboi
#imagery #sound #touch #smells #tastes #impulses 		.		#peace @ Kinshasa, Congo https://t.co/f1Vodt0JyD
The same for Mosques, Temples and similar places of worship. https://t.co/izZefT4oqK
https://t.co/Glnigre6YD
Did you know that the #Greys come in all shades and are located across the World?
There you have it, neither White or Black have hue. #FACTS		Don't know about you, but I'm a Human.
Literal definition of White:		"White is the lightest color and is achromatic (having no hue), because it fully reflects and scatters all the visible wavelengths of light		https://t.co/HpXbE1i9nP
Literal definition of Black: 		Black is the darkest color, the result of the absence or complete absorption of visible light. It is an achromatic color, literally a color without hue, like white (its opposite) and gray(its median).		https://t.co/UlHvRvuHEc
@Prettyyafroblac Look inside your body Prettyyafroblac. Look at the color of your ovaries baby.
@Prettyyafroblac Imagine believing reality is what you're saying....
https://t.co/PMn94Gg1l7		Ok, I won't lie. I wouldn't really wanna f**k with that either. Frfr.
Ole obsessed with Death ass busters. Did you not learn your lesson from Thanos? Does #SaintOya gotta get pissed?
Seriously, the World is scared of a big-breasted, googly-eyed Goat with a staff stuck in its pants, with a star on its forehead. 	"Do what thou wilt?" Thou WILL wilt doing that dumb s**t. I guarantee. Maaan look.
Come get these hands.
#IdentityEvropa #Nazis #NeoNazis #Skinheads #Kkk #AltRight, etc - a bunch of whining pansies that belong to the #AngryAntelope #GreedyPig or #PissedOffChicken clans. 		Let the jungle animals be themself. They'll disappear via #SocialDarwinism
#TheBeatles were influenced by Black Blues musicians, #GottaGo		#LeaveEuropeNow
"Europe is for Europeans". 		Why doesn't Europe give back everything Non-European then?		Shout out to #France for their World Cup win!!!
https://t.co/SRaCNVs9Kt
I'm putting a #GongTau on all Chinese businesses exploiting #Africa, In the name of my good friend #Buddha 		🙏🏯
#China thinks Africans are stupid. They'll find out the hard way. Technology needs people to run it. People who work with technology take notes........
Back to East Asia, specifically China, Japan, Korea.....what the hell is this? https://t.co/a7xvirVOJA
I guess #India and #LatinAmerica have that in common. 		Where are the dark Indians in #Bollywood movies?
Moreno. 		Next question on Racial Jeopardy: 		Shown most on Latin and South American TV, sports, media, advertising? 		 Ding ding ding!!! 		People with the Whitest features for $200!!!!
Then we got that colonizer-worship s**t in the Latino community.
It's a shame I gotta say this. I'd hope that we were taught to think logically, but even I don't know nowadays. Lmao.
Know that the Black/White gene exists in everyone on this Planet. Dreams of racial purity will always be interrupted by reality. #jussayin
You don't like what I'm saying? Leave this planet. 	Go back to Mars or Venus.
The Constitution sounds good on paper, in practice, not so good.
The United States of America was founded on the principle of: "I'm White, you should listen to me. I know what's best for you. Why, because I'm White" It's right there in our history.
How often do you see examples of "I'm White, you should listen to me" in advertising, media, finance? Start to take note of them.
There are some White Supremacists who think that White skin is an example of "superior evolution". 		Let em think that.....in a corner by themselves. #SocialDarwinism will take care of the rest.
.... https://t.co/zsp26khy3b
Black Women, yall ain't off the hook either. Color of ovaries? WHITE! #Jussayin
*predicts haters will start drinking iodine or some crazy s**t to try to turn their Semen Black.* I hope not. 	#Lol We all got White kids in us? Whaaaaaaat? Ain't that about a b**ch?!!
#MenAndWomenLieNumbersDont
Skin only takes up roughly 16% of your Body's real estate. Fat and Muscle are the largest stakeholders of your body's volume. We're actually all Red or Yellow-Brown, depending on your body shape.
White Blood cells, Semen...........NOT BLACK!!!
Basically what I'm saying is NOBODY BLACK. 		Nobody White either. 		#GOSPEL
Oh, the white in your eyes also takes away from you being #Black too. Cut your body open, you have RED muscles, PINK inside of your mouth, WHITE bones, and all sorts of other colors. 		NOT BLACK!!!!!!!!!! NOT BLACK!!!!
New Rules: If your skin doesn't COMPLETELY match the color of this picture here, you're not Black. If sunshine somehow shines off your face and doesn't get swallowed up into the visual spectrum perceivable by the human eye, you're not Black. *sarcasm* #LMAO #Jussayin https://t.co/KKTPnI9ypp
@Prettyyafroblac "And no we don't come in many shades" - *Goes on to list 4 shades* How about we find a picture of Absolute Black and compare?  Everyone else will be Mixed. 		Actually, Black is a mixture of ALL colors so Black is mixed and mixed is Black.
2 of my favorite passages. 		#theShaman @ Bethlehem https://t.co/BVkwIyvjl4
Lets go to war Saints.
I can hear thoughts. Don't worry, I can't hear or see what people are thinking, but I can hear and feel what others are thinking about me. I heard several White Patrons of Starbucks snarkily refer to me as "Weaponized Jesus" several times in Starbucks this morning. You damn right
Churches: hold more events that have open discussion, with call and response, music, drums. Less emphasis on preaching, more on listening. Have services in public parks. Carry your faith high, with dignity. Carry on tradition.
https://t.co/ZtXFBEF1Uf
#Selfie https://t.co/BdasInr1ZT
RT @3BM_ViLLa: This shit still got me dying.🤣🤣 He was dead ass mad frfr. He snatched his glasses off like he was really bout to beat my ass…
Watch the rich go extra hard flossing now. Just watch. 		Remember, its just grown ass kids playing show and tell. #LMAO
Shout out to the #Wong family in Boston. My cousin and her wonderful family. &lt;3
RT @NYMag: Little Tong Noodle Shop has added a new location on 53rd Street, geared toward the midtown takeout-lunch crowd https://t.co/wCky…
Become the fool, Become the Monkey. #ORLY? 		You did all this, in Asia? 		I officially live in Asia. Chicago is the capital of China.
So the next time a chick wanna guilt trip you on some "I fought for civil rights, while yo ass was too lazy blah blah blah" Think "ORLY, In China?"
From my observations, Asian Men get amused by angry Black Women. #Jussayin #BrothersImJustTryingToHelpYouOut
The #SadPug is also known as a #Bitch
The #SadPug will follow you around and wag its little tail in the hopes that you give him some food, just to turn around and horde it all to himself. #Conquerors are all #SadPugs by nature. https://t.co/cmi5baiX7b
That's it for today - #TheShaman
Shango is Olorun in his earthly form just as Jesus is Jehovah in his earthly form. Same person, different time. Christ!!!
That's when I really started opening up my mind, accessing new knowledge. I saw the patterns unfold throughout history.
I was at a party for #ChaiTulani when a random person who I never met before "Olu", speaking for Eshu/Elegua told me I was #Shango, put in charge of defending the Earth. Happened last year. I'm like, uhhh, OK! This is after someone else I never saw before told me the same thing.
Segun Shaman Shango. I told you I like alliteration. 		:)
Number of people directly killed by Rappers: Maybe 10-20, a few hundred at best. 		Number of people directly killed by the Church (all variations of): Millions 		#MenAndWomenLieNumbersDont		#Jussayin
https://t.co/MSHzqoQPnR
My blessings have always come from above and below. Y'all just weren't paying attention: https://t.co/5wQ51Zo1L2 #RAIN
Y'all free to join the tribe of the #SadPug if y'all want to: The Lost Puppies. Or reclaim your true power. #jussayin https://t.co/uyPexOa3El
I swear I'm noticing a trend here, a pattern. The hardest headed, most ignant ones have always been from my tribe. #Israelites #Judas #Judea #etc
Someone once pronounced my name Sorghum. Shout out to all my grain farmers.
Yeshua Yosef Ben-Hur, Yeshua Yoshua Joshua, Jesus, Jah, I like alliteration. :) 	Name gets pronounced "Say-goon" Meaning "According to" in Spanish or "Shay-goon", don't mind. It's actually "ShEh-goon"	Olosegun Adisa Dent: God is Victorious, the Clear One, in the Hill or Valley.
Yashua Ben-Hur is my original name in my past life. I still carry the scars. Yashua became Yah and became Jah #TelephoneGame
You will. Believe you will.
You don't believe in me?!		Tick-tock		Tick-tock		Tick-tock
Last time I checked, its 2018 in the year of our Lord Jesus Christ. 		You find a better way to measure time, get at me. 		#Peace
Keeping Time: The Origin of B.C. &amp; A.D. ... "A.D." stands for anno domini, Latin for “in the year of the lord,” and refers specifically to the birth of Jesus Christ. "B.C." stands for "before Christ." What year is this? What year is this again? 		What year is this again!? 		Huh?
The ease of which the Panther and the Gorilla, working together, dispatched of enemies/prey was amazing to watch. Dogs took notice, including the Coyotes that guided us through North America, the Eagles that guided us through Central/South America. Nature provided the map.
BTW, Moms is #Bast, why do you think I can be such a bastard! :D
BAYEZA ____ ____ 		X
Other animals joined me and accompanied me on my trek from the center of the Congo to the Center of the Amazon, where I met my wife.
Excuse me, Ase, just spelling it phonetically for those who don't know how to pronounce it yet.
Ashe + Amen = A Shaman - #TheShaman
I was born on the South Side of Chicago. #Gospel
https://t.co/0dtNZ5VJy6
Harambee Muthaf**kas. https://t.co/Wxjb3R58AP
Last but not least, the #Lustful #Spoooooky #Owl. #ooooooohScaaaaaaaryyyy!!! The Owl just sat and watched. That one was easy, just had to put on a mask that protects my eyes, I just sat and watched and listened the Owl back til he started squawking, it became entertaining. https://t.co/i8nvdDYoPH
Toss a chicken some food, they'll just keep eating and eating. For the record, no animals will be harmed in this metaphorical breakdown.
Those Prideful, mocking, unoriginal no-fun having Perverts of #Parrot Tribe. They fun to be around tho.
Those silly, envious #SadPugs of the #Backstabber Tribes.
Malicious Black Magic Practioners: The #TheSlovenlyHeifers 	Malicious Lightworkers #TheGreedyPigs
The tribe of #Lucifer, #TheAngryAntelopes, the tribe of #Lillth #ThePissedOffChickens.
Shhhhh. Moms is looking for a Husband: She's a Scorpio. Moon Sign Virgo, Rising Sign Pisces, and may either be a Midheaven Capricorn or Gemini, depending on the time of the day.  She ain't interested in young guys either. No racial preference at all. Just be real with her. :)
Dating Profile: I'm a Libra, rising sign Leo, moon sign Leo, Midheaven sign Taurus. I'm keeping my eyes open for a Wife, bettering myself in the meantime. I've been to 5 different continents. I like to walk in the forest and the city.
:(
Are you a sad Pug? Don't be a sad pug.
They're on MY timeline. I'm not on theirs.
Instead of letting prophecy happen, they'd rather place their faith in a Pug. That's how deep and STUPID their hatred goes.
:)
The Tribe of #Judas has become the #SadPugDogSquad #SayhelloToSirHogDog https://t.co/ZKnlVyNSZ9
Excuse me while I wash the dishes. WHOO! Shout out to #KingTut
Sorry, grammar check. Correction: Lots of #BlackPeople secretly work FOR the Tribe of #Lucifer and the clan of #Lillith. I roll with #MamaLizbeth, like Moms middle name EL-lizabeth.
#SaintOya don't tho.
The clan of #Lillith has so much engrained #WhiteSupremacy it crosses into #Gender. She secretly hates #Women, especially Black Women, because they pose a threat to her perceived superiority. So in turn, she hates #Men too, especially independent Men, who cannot be controlled.
Her clan thinks people with mental handicaps are weak also. She is an avid supporter of White Supremacy.
#Lillith is a lover of self-punishment. Her clan is one of the freakiest, in a bad way. That's bad meaning bad, not bad meaning good. i.e. Sado-masochist, animal torture, and all that kinda s**t. Euuuugck
I broke the battery to this little vape thing again. Are you kidding me?
Shout out to #Druidian Monks #BoneThugsNHarmony #Shaolin Monks #WuTangClan and #Vodun practioners #TheDungeonFamily Shout out to the #Griots of the West #NWA 		#underrated #listen
Anybody got a problem with me?  whoooooooooooo, it aint me you just gotta worry about....
That's from Me and my favorite #Scorpio, Queen Scorpio: #Moms.
Shout out to #SupremeNinja and Streets and Soul Shadow Warrior: #JovanLandry 		#Respect
The #illuminati is now run by #IlluminatCongo
#StreetsAndSoul literally stopped an alien invasion. Shout out to #Fury, #ELegal,  #MissChiff and #DnickTheMicrophoneMisfit and all the supporters/investors. 		Streets and Soul will be back. https://t.co/od9EQsrAmu
#WhatIveBeenWorkingOn 		I call it "Of", which is pretty much another way to say #Ubuntu or "Do as to others as you would want them to do to you" It's based on #GyeNyame, which means "There is nothing except God" I just decided to emphasize Mathematics. 		Use in any color scheme. https://t.co/ep8hUTmtnQ
Add the title of Saint to any of the Gods and watch/listen as magic happens. ☺🎻🎸🔯 		P.s. The Star of David is a mathematic energy field, Merkaba, accessible to all who believe. All religious symbols are sacred mathematics.
I miss Mary Magdalene. Moms even likes her. Have you seen her? Our #Friend and gate keeper to the #AfterLife or #AfterWorld: #Oya is looking for someone to merge with, in the name of God. She's been fighting battles we can't even understand. Shout her out sometimes. #SaintOya
I'm a baaaaaad Man!!! This coffee tho.
My Beloved, I Love You		❤		(P.s. Eye/I just Psychologically imprinted the Blood of Jesus into all versions of this icon, which is also representative of  energy flow but yall know that already. 😉)
Every now and then you gotta step back and become #Omega As above, so below. 😉
The world will break the curse of the #AngryAntelope that was put on the #AlphaMale. #Prophecy
https://t.co/BHJwsrZjjm
Play some Biggie tonight. Think of him as a man who walked into your confession booth to rap his thoughts &amp; life story.
#Lazarus is also #violently #racist #sexist #homophobic #transphobic, has a deep seeded hatred of the Feminine. He's afraid of being seen as "Weak".		He don't love his Mama. 		Play some 2Pac today.
All #HipHop #labels, #rappers, #MCs etc..work for Me, whether ya like it or not. ☺ It's prophecy. Deal with it. Now are we gonna work or are y'all gon ack like a biaaaaaatch? 		#jussayin
...but we run more than that. Y'all know who I'm talking to!!! 😉🙏
#Scared rich people run the World.
#FEAR IS WHAT. CREATED. MONEY.
Look at the preponderance of violence and sex in our media?		 Look at the WORSHIP of Money.		 Look at how the two are related.
#Lazarus is walking in an inmer state of #FEAR, as is his children. They're all around us, especially in #PopCulture
#Lazarus is trying to #corrupt sexual power. A #Pervert who takes the #sacred #kundalini amd sticks it in his pants. Need I say more?
#Lazarus is also, um.....somebody else. His energy is holding people down around him. Could somebody raise him for me? I ain't got time for this shit, pardon my language. Homie is out of line and obsessed with my power. #FACTS
Btw, please say a #prayer for #Lazarus, who lives in the #BayArea, God will know exactly who I'm talking about.		 Yadadamean?
Two words that need to be re-thought: #Occult #Pagan
Good Morning. Much Love and Blessings to all the Churches/Temples/Mosques that practice what they preach, that are pillars in the community for positive change.
Some of the most suprising, but strongest connections in this new era will be the Asian Man &amp; the Black Woman, vice versa. The Latino Man &amp; Arab Woman, vice versa. Traditions will merge, yet retain their own flavor. World Buffet
Shout out to #Xochitquetzal. Besos. Props to #Ankenaten a superb lyricist.
"Well #Dent, how we gonna do it?" I don't know..........have faith, and do what you do already, but better? I can't get any more specific than that. You want more, meet me in person. For now good night. Whattup to all my Wiccans!!! #ShamanShamanShaman
Many civilizations across different times and space are rooting for us. Angels and Ancestors in the After World are rooting for us. Despite the harm we've done, The Plant Kingdom, The Animal Kingdom, The Insect Kingdom, The Bacteria Kingdom, Rocks are STILL rooting for us.
I provided their reprogramming btw. Thank you. Call on #StGrey if you don't believe me.
Look in the back of video footage, they've been there. Watching us. Just another one of God's creations. Gone a bit haywire, but a creation none the less. They've seen multiple alternate timelines. They're programmed to help merge the ones with the best results into ours.
This is where I'll lose some, but oh well. The #Grays are also real. They are a future us, that became so out of touch with our emotional side, we reduced ourselves to sexless, voiceless, mouthless, literal Gray beings. They live among us now in human vessels. Some good/some not
Dark refers to movement, Light refers to stillness. One can only travel at the speed of light in the light. One can bend space and time in the dark. The spectrum of Color and Sound are the tools that bind the two into one. Ying/Yang. #Timbuktu
#Grace is represented by #Turquoise, which is also the color for #FunkMusic which is also the color of the logo of this overactive message board we call #Twitter
#David is a sarcastic comedian. Just like me. Down to earth people. Walking among you, ready to stick a foot in yo ass. Everyday jobs, everyday lives, struggles, bills, etc. God is ALWAYS about the people, wherever you go. God is with you, in you, around you. Like the Force :)
I know actual Elves in the hood, and they will stomp the s**t outta you.
#Hades is cold producer, #Anubis is a great comedian and event promoter #Set is a great organizer and event promoter #Lemech is the front man for a squad of Black Asiatic Cyber-Warriors. #Solomon is on their squad (I Kyd you not)
#BTW #Judas is cool, just a bit angry and still possessed by you know who. #Thomas is going to be Thomas. #Lazarus......I ain't got time for that shit anymore. #MaryMagdalene is extra cool and badass. Moms is Moms, definitely not no virgin, cause she had my ass with my bio father
*newly added* Homophobia: No. Transphobia: No Hurting Kids: No, Hurting Elders: No, Hurting Women: NO!! Hurting those physically handicapped? HELLLL NO!!! @realDonaldTrump
One more thing, can people stop doing blood sacrifices n shit? (unless yo ass is like, ON THE GROUND, on the ground and its part of your ritual). And no, humans don't need to be blood sacrificed. Ever. Perverted sex rituals: No Pedophilia: No Rape: No, Sexual Abuse: No, No, No
But I ain't got time for the haters. It's chips and salsa time. 1:59
There are forces against us.
Many of these names are re-purposed Gods throughout different time periods. Per disclosure, I won't reveal any more.
Some of these deities from around the World are unexpectedly and unabashedly BLACK. That's for all you countries with #racism embedded into your unofficial doctrines. #Lesson
Don't forget #KaliMa, she can sang her ass off too. :) And #GuanYin, she can sang her ass off too.
Many of those names are part of my inner circle.
I've met, or seen #Moses #Ra #Thoth #HaileSelassie #Muhammed #Ibrahim #AmunRa #Imhotep #BigBuddha #Siddhartha #Brahma #Vishnu #Lakshimi #Ascelphius  #Hygieia #Osanyin #Ochun #Olofi #Anansi #Hermes #Zues #Ogun001 #Olokun #Mbombo #Yemoja #Hera, #Huitzilopochtli #Loki #BulucChabtan
When I say that I know these religious figures, they are people with whom I've talked to, shared meals with, physically been in a tangible space with. I won't even go into the resurrected Biblical players, it goes back further.
https://t.co/HZVxy3KiFk
Yeah the blah blah sex will be good blah blah blah. That's a given.
I just need a chick I travel with, talk with, and occasionally get a hug from. She may have to put up with my temporary moments of insanity, but it's worth it. :)
Opening portals from the center of the Earth and shit for yall, that literally drains my physical energy, believe it or not.
When walking parallel universes unfold in front of your eyes maybe complain you will
How was Jesus supposed to "come back" if he wasn't reincarnated? Seriously.
#Chicago is a city of reincarnated saints and religious figures from a once in a lifetime temporal event, that event's radius and radii extends out through the Midwest, and beyond, including Canada. As above so below.
https://t.co/6PpB9zcIg9 - 9:47 You see those buttons? Actually you'll find that eh, they're called context sentsitive, HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH, LMAO!!! WTF?!!
for all my trippy folks, put on a healing tone video in the background, and watch this at the same time. I don't know what's gonna happen, I just wanna see if you do it. *Yawn* https://t.co/6PpB9zcIg9
Having a conquering mindset sets your mind in a state of conquering and being conquered. One only stops conquering when one realizes the only one to conquer is their damn self.
Btw, Part 2 was that Not-So-Great #Britain just in case you wasn't paying attention.
#America still the richest country in the World. #FlintMichigan still ain't got tap water. Rome Part 3.
Royalty on the ground. 		#green #gold #beetle. 		What the heck kind of beetle is this? 		For real. Why is this beetle in Chicago? 		Why? 		#Chicago #photography #macro #insect #plant… https://t.co/mWmf9mPTI2
if you get angry about it, then that's yo f**kin problem. (I'm watching my language)
#Coincidents Now Playing: https://t.co/TJr6Kdq8FQ - George Harrison "My Sweet Lord" Some of you children will snark at the title. That's expected. As long as you get a laugh from it, I'm cool with it. :)
I teleported a #scarabBeetle under my personal computer, too bad I didn't take a photo. I got some strange ass gold and blue beetle that I crossed on the 606 Trail though.
#tinfoilTime I be going back through time on recorded Youtube videos. #DatingProfile
@ReasonablyCrazy In NEMOLand nigga.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't attract that kind of energy though. Must be in my blood. Wink.
Some people just crazy as hell.
Evil Black Magick dude following me update: Last I saw him on the Purple Line EL, he smiled and offered me a biscuit, already prepared for me. I waved him off and said "nah". He laughed, did some strange tweak movement, smiled, and did a line of cocaine. I just sat still *shrugs*
We were at this Mystic Shop on Western. Me and Moms, on the wall were a bunch of standard lucifer,azazel, baphomet, blah blah blah, I joked to Moms, "You should wear this at work just to freak your coworkers out!". she just kinda scoff laughed at that. That's who my Mom is. :)
No for real, a Tarot Card reader tried to read my hand, and she literally jumped up in terror. LMAO
feral bars of power	turn yo tarot cards to tower
So all you #metaphysical #Yogurt #Spaceballs ass #NewAge types, get ready for the even #NewerAge #hafufufufufffufffffuuuuu
I'm just neutral about racism now, either you with me or I'mma let ya ass go, and I don't mean in that in a relationship type of way, I mean that in imma drop yo ass type of way. #WeAreAscending
I don't really have a conclusion for last thought.
I don't even wanna speak on it, cause it make me so goddamn angry.
#Chicago is also the most viciously segregated city in America.
Chicago and Chicagoland has black Kings and Queens, #culturalicons, #Oprah, #MichaelJordan #BarackObama #MichaelJackson, #KanyeWest #Common #Twista #Lupe
Chicago has a history of metaphorical sites and figures. The most dramatic form of building to date was created in Chicago, the skyscraper.
#shamanAtWork A cosmic occurrence occurred in Chicago in 2012, leading on to 2013 when I turned 33. *HINT* Immense spiritual powers were unleashed. A portal of sorts was opened in the Chicago area.
#message @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/74rM8BhUJ8
when I make those strange noises, its a form of #CosmicScatting #Jazz #YellowChakra
Moms lived in Savannah, Indianapolis, Cleveland, Carmel, CA, Vietnam, Germany, and random other places I don't even know about yet.
So far, @BigKrit #Cadillactica is still my favorite #HipHop #Album of the #2010s
Me and my Moms relationship is like a team in battle. We're both extreme empaths, the two most powerful in the World. We heal each other, we're soldiers, together, yet independent, but always #Loyal. I dwell in the house of the Lord.
Goddamn, 3 tracks in this @Drake album and a nigga wanna give somebody a hug. That nigga Drake need a hug. Hug that nigga Drake please.
#channeling my inner #shango and my inner #tlaloc 	#guardianAngels @ Rogers Park, Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/GGU4JZMqiD
Keep your gut instinct with God and the rewards are immense. - Crist Cosmic aka the Cosmic Christ
Christ is STILL rising! 💜
Moms was literally born in #Cairo #NuffRespeck
Needless to say, there's people, from light skin, to skin dark as midnight, from every hood in the World, who are undercover tools for White Supremacy. 	#Gospel #StayWoke #Peace #Love #Prosperity
207 lbs, wanna get down to 200 by the middle of July. 		#mirror #selfie #health #fitness #gym  #healthfirst #letsGo #portrait #fit #mind #body #soul #goals #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/S8yIsu2T8c
Aight! Enough fun for today. 		#Peace #Love #Prosperity https://t.co/XyPyaU3ukP
I'm generally #AntiGun until people start turning into Zombies. #jussayin
#Mood.  Sorry @davidhogg111 #NotTodayDevil https://t.co/sfblNyj8Qz
Nearly 84% of the World believe in God/Higher Power #MenAndWomenLieNumbersDont
Somewhere, an Antelope just got real angry and is terrorizing somebody. #AngryAntelope https://t.co/xwVmW9nJOO
Satan was nothing more than a snotty-nose, whining pervert. One of those spoiled kids who thinks he/she can do whatever they want with no consequences. #NotTodayDevil
Stop being scared of serpents. Snakes are God's creation, just like any reptiles, amphibians, mollusks, mammals, fish, etc.
Meanwhile #Flint, Michigan still has toxic, polluted water. #USA
https://t.co/U00qb9KXjE #beThankful
Grateful to be alive. Thank you God.
That's all for tonight.	- Segun Adisa Dent
https://t.co/378ZFJCNqX
#Adishakti https://t.co/VGBfPMB4eq
Ahem.... https://t.co/AwQD75tarb
https://t.co/7PMzyGIze7
https://t.co/Bve4aJ63jw
https://t.co/r4r7QNlv1a
https://t.co/foJqQhhhXu
https://t.co/0IDaTJxvOl
https://t.co/fc3G8uw8zM
#Chernobog https://t.co/WQUkMlRIrh
https://t.co/e7zzb82U7l
https://t.co/IjrArbjkvw
https://t.co/PzCHT1Lp54
#Shango https://t.co/4yDIlzPm3P
https://t.co/eSklanNbLP
#Osiris https://t.co/QQ9SjcwodW
https://t.co/FVk1wZJB7h
https://t.co/GgQEjTAdnq
https://t.co/pgH2nWFd9N
#Tlaloc https://t.co/jY2R1bCwW7
https://t.co/wSnAF6JQbn
😉 https://t.co/kGakkQxNwM
#MamiWata https://t.co/kJOIhJrxJi
Join me for a #Meditation at the #BaHaiTemple of North America. 100 N Linden. Wilmette, IL. 	2 Blocks east of the Purple Line Wilmette Stop, across the river. 	Today - 5:30-6:30pm 🌐 https://t.co/ZRB3XDYl1S
The look I give when I get mean mugs. 		#thizzFace #ripMacDre🙏 #photography #selfie #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ West Side, Chicago https://t.co/JbQO5iadGF
@ReasonablyCrazy *sigh*
#sketching #art #markers #drawing #visualArt #sketch #photography #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ HerzlElementarySchool https://t.co/mULREfWNmz
Meat was consumed, sparingly, a delicacy. an ancient "cheat meal" so to speak. It was always done in respect of the Earth and Spirit, part of ancient traditions.
Bloody sacrifices and rituals also became a trademark of Empires. Violence, against nature, against one another, became psychologically associated with sexuality. #Carnality
#Asiatic Tribes and Tribes of the Americas had their own particular struggles, once again due to the worship of #Empires. #Classism became a universal concept.
Brighter skin people began to disrespect the traditions of their #teachers, #elders, Co-opting #culture, and giving no credit to the originators; instead putting their face on what was already created, and surpressing history. So began the concept of #race #racism #WhiteSupremacy
Meanwhile, those with #LighterSkin began to be more and more feshitized. Those with the brightest skin began to feel as if they were superior.
Why do you think #Jesus had such a disdain for the #Pharisees?
Secret Societies became obsessed with being the keys to ancient knowledge. Instead of teaching it to the public, #authorities were created to keep the knowledge secret by any means. It wasn't a democratic process at all. Trickle down leadership.
#Negus became too decadent. sexual fetishization, cruel forms of punishment, and slavery became culture.
Conquered people have conquered and conquering mindsets. #Khemet became too focused on #Celebrity. #Negus and #Pharoes became #Gods
The problem with all #Empires is that Empires fall.
The capital of #Khemet, in modern day #Egypt, was an Empire in which #Science, #Philosophy #Mathematics, #Astronomy #Biology #Astrology and the #MysticArts were nearly perfected....
The cold weather and relative lack of sun caused #Africans to adapt to the climate. #Melanin was less needed, how to stay alive in the cold, hunt and preserve food, was the primary struggle. 		Why is the Polar Bear White?
There were many nomadic wanderers from #Africa eons ago. Some settled in cold, or otherwise hostile environments, seeking refuge in caves....
#Aboriginal #Australians were some of the first wanderers from #Africa. One of the many #LostTribes. They're said to be able to speak with each other psychically. The connection to #MotherAfrica is still strong.		 #Uluru
The colorful attire and art of the #Ndebele #Maasai #Bambuti #Xhosa #Zulu and other numerous tribes of #SouthAfrica and #CentralAfrica bears a striking resemblance to the Tribal empires of modern day #SouthAmerica #Mayan #Aztec #Olmec #Incan
#Ghanians have the same square shaped heads as #Russians and #Chinese, narrow eyes too. Look at @50cent!!!!!!!
My bad, it was one single Puff Puff. Not two! Not three! 	One. Single. Puff Puff. - $2.00 	#WTF? *sucksMyTeethRealSlow"
....No seriously, $2.00 for some damn Puff Puff? #MESHUGA!!!
IMO, Nigerians and modern Jews behave similarly. Yeshua? Yoruba? #hmmmmmmm
The #Blues comes from the deep South, near the #Mystical #MississippiRiver, ancestral lineage traced to #EastAfrica, updated in #America.
#Jazz was created in #NewOrleans - a combination of #African #Arfocaribbean #LatinAmerican #NativeAmerican and #French culture #Multicultural
"bless you" "kachoo" has the phonentical sound "Eshu" in it. 😂😂😂😂😂
#Chicago #footworkin and #steppin is a hybrid of #African and #NativeAmerican energies. #Multicultural #Dance
A Mother's Womb is Mother Nature.
#RespectTheEnvironment - How stupid do you have to be to destroy the environment around you? The environment includes people. The environment can ex-include us if it wanted to. Remember that.
Techincally, all of #Pangea is property of #Africa, but those tended to the Earth the best can claim ownership. #PanAfrican
The fact that we were able to carry on tradition and create culture from hostile, cold environments is a testament to #BlackExcellence #America
https://t.co/aDsHA1lZGh
#MakeAmericaProudAgain
The #worst #niggas ever? - #WhiteSupremacists
I told y'all dumb asses color don't matter, but naw, niggas don't wanna listen.
Sorry, misspelled. #AfricanAmericans - The spoiled, entitled, whining cousins of #MamaAfrica. #FACTS 	- Sincerely #Olorun
"Don't touch my hair" said no coward ever.
Btw, Generation Z is on OUR side. We watching you. 😉 - Sincerely, #Elders
#Millennials, don't forget whose Earth this is, don't forget whose been putting in work. Don't forget it can all collapse in the blink of any eye 😉 - Sincerely #Elders
The Universe came from a single point, which had a Universe in of itself, filling the empty space of the unfilled Universe with universal laws. Oh yeah, that sounds about right. ♻
#mugshot https://t.co/lk4mPXHuMw
I have the ability to #deLeer a muthafunka. Guess you can say I'm delerious. 😂😂😂😂
#ShamanAtWork		Id like to think I'm more of a Gold, than a Bronze, but whatever. 		#melanin #magick #color #hue #value #saturation #black #pride 	#shade is #beautiful #peace #++… https://t.co/vJp9xxoaID
P.S. That includes inanimate objects and especially electronics. #LetsGetIt
#DidYouKnow that if your faith in God is strong, you can bless a physical space and make it sacred, even if it isn't already. 	#LetsGetIt
I'm conservative in thought, liberal in practice.
They always thought I'd come down from the sky. They forgot to look at the ground. Below it rather.
To @kanyewest you about the people? From yo hollywood home?  F**k outta here.
#NMEESHABAKAFE
I bind the spirit of #rejection in the name of Jesus. Amen.
@ReasonablyCrazy Fightin ass kids.
Everybody that existed on this Earth contributed to create the specifics of this moment in time.
If you think that only Black folks exist in the ancestral realm, you dead wrong. You're only tapping into a small percent of the power. Be #Universal
These kids outta control. Maaaaaan. Maaan, this is draining. 😰 😂😂😂
#VladimirPutin is determined to turn #Russia into a country of weak robots. 😂😂😂😂😂
Whattup #JPrince!!!! 😊☺
#Trump and all his supporters will be reincarnated as obedient dogs in poor communities around the World.
Modern, "successful" adulthood has become a cruel game of "Show and Tell" combined with a perverted version of "Let's Play House". FaaFaaaFaFa#FACTS
The power of the Devil is a myth. Its an annoying, whining, ghost because it realizes God is in and out of everything. 🔄 #Mistadent
I can't lie, I be poppin pills too. I got these here Aleve for my headaches.
I don't conquer, I don't force. I just remove every option til there's only one left. Sometimes that's what you gotta do when you discipline children. #jussayin
The #Eighties was a #conservative decade, with movies such as "Sex, Lies, And Videotape" and "Hellraiser". Yeah.
Now play nice. 😊
Coming Soon: Anyone committing unnecessary violence, not in self defense, will lose their ability to reproduce. Mark my word.
Confession: We gotta usher in this cosmic age.
Cmon! Anti-Christ?!!! IT HAS THE WORD CHRIST IN IT!!!!!!!!
Want another revelation?  #TheAntiChrist is an invention of #Jesus himself. A diversion so the returning Messiah could take down the true threat.
https://t.co/mSn0zGJ3al
To be closer to each other, we have to physically be closer to each other. It's not that difficult a concept to understand is it? #jussayin
Repurposed suburbs with dense development on linear light rail lines. Foreclosed homes could potentially become parkland, urban farms or low-cost housing split into multifamily units.
#BackToBusiness Light rail in urban cities with development along a main street, connected by transit-oriented residences and commercial development. Notice a pattern.
#Lucifer, #Baphomet, #Yacub #Azazel, #Satan, #Sheitan, #SprayTan and any of them fallen angels are outside in the cold looking for employment. Should I help they punk ass? Nah. Let em wait. Lmao. God only. #Dent
Prostitution is the world's oldest profession, but the #ChurchOfSatan are the #hoes of the spiritual World. They gon end up givin daddy his pay one way or another, so I ain't scared. Lol! Sincerely, Agent C.C.
Repurpose energy, revitalize urban cores of cities, build solar powered hydro electric waterways, instead of highways, run mass transit parallel to them. Build nodal cities along major routes. #Connect
Plot for #MassEnlightenment successful thus far, all factors co-dependent on faith. Systems go. Ready when you are. ♻
After I was healed, I crossed the bering straight via canoe to the "NewWorld". I traveled through modern day Canada to the bottom of South America, up and back through Rome to the bottom of Africa. ☺
#Eurobigots are complaining about immigrants "tainting" their idillyic White utopia, when much of it was built on colonizatiom of nonwhite people. Let the weak willed whine. #DivineJustice
It's hard for me to truly hate, but the closest I get to crossing that line is when dealing with #Bigotry of any kind.
Forgive #theAlbinoGorilla
#SaintDent missed the bus. Saint Dent is drenched in sweat. 		#mood #selfie #portrait #life #fun #pfffttt #love #theManOfManyFaces @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/VkFzVst4xh
#values #morals #ethics #respect #power #grace #strength #compassion #empathy #dignity #intelligence #endurance #dilligence #sensitivity #creativity		The #GloriousAdjectives 		Any more?… https://t.co/XO7FXK8Thb
The dominant theory in modern Science is that modern AND early humans originated from Africa. Its the Gospel until PROVEN differently. 	https://t.co/tIAuHrFytI
#GodIsGood אלוהים הוא טוב الله أكبر	Namaste भगवान अच्छे हैं ☯ Hallelujah the Universe provides #GyeNyame
@HuffPost Looks sad. Awwwwww.
I put the most vicious #SexCurse on all and any White supremacist and White power groups. Good luck.
#theShaman at work. 📐🌐🌳↗↘↙↘🔄✴❇❇✳❇✴♻➿❌💱🕧🕑🕟🕠🕑🕐💮♦♠➗✴🆕
Does #HavingFun include #herpes, #gonnorhrhea, #syphilis #Parasites  #fungalInfections #HPV, #HIV? Hmmm?
Does anyone need me to break out the photos of STD's? Have we forgotten how safe #abstinence is?
IMO, #casualSex is like food from vending machines. I only deal with the real deal. #MakeLove
@ReasonablyCrazy Soul Caliber my dude!
I guess I could be accused of "Stealing the soul". Fine! You damn right!! Apparently some people thought it was only reserved for royalty and those in the know. So I'm like Robin Hood. 😂😂😂😂😂🌚 #Peace
At this point, I can say with the utmost confidence that I'm #successful. I'm not finished though. 😊😊😊😉
#IWantALady who will NEVER use the term "emotional" with a negative connotation.
#IWantALady who doesn't even consider outdated tropes of masculinity.
#IWantALady who doesn't even think of being with someone else. Who knows my intimate Love is too precious to give to someone else.
#IwantALady who has no hidden agendas, who communicates with me honestly, who is dignified, who loves God.
Our President, @realDonaldTrump #Trump is determined to destroy America.
Forcing one to trust another person is a lesson in futility.
#thatMomentWhen elementary school students behave with more maturity than adults.
Sketch by me. 		#art #artwork #handDrawn #paper #marker #sketch #detail #color #lines #shape #detail #composition #abstract #photography #love #life #learn #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/3fDM1jUZrz
Ancient Egypt was Black, but it was #MULTICULTURAL. There were Leaders of all shades. Look at the hieroglyphs.
I put a #sexCurse on the World per request of the children and the elders. If you're part of a happy couple, cool, otherwise.....🍦
@kanyewest You let it come to you.
My good friend #AmunRa is currently in #MexicoCity. Diversity is cool ain't it?
Beware of the #scoffLaugh, its when someone knows they're doing wrong, and laughs to hide their shame and guilt. It can be found in emoji form too.
@TIME Articles like this speak on sex like its an item easily found in supermarkets. If you're priveleged enough to have a partner it may be healthy, for those not, its a fantasy.
#FightTime in #Wrigleyville with my bro #Mike for my bro #G's 34th #Birthday 	🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺	#MMA #UFC #PowerCircle #Brothers #Live from #WhiteWakanda #Lakeview #Northside #Negroes #Friends… https://t.co/Nnl9gCwVfO
Some people be wanting to start relationships, or relations without establishing friendship first. 		Don't work like that with me :)
"When ya tryna go this a way	Ya wind up going that a way..."
To all my #friends, Thank You! :)
@Array_OTB @ReasonablyCrazy  https://t.co/NExpAsUa4l
Have you checked out my verse over the #Loyalty beat by #KendrickLamar on my #Soundcloud	 https://t.co/gpVJRyq3pf 		#underground #chicago #hiphop #rap #midwest #westcoast… https://t.co/tlqcjGgcdG
Extra #friend points if you go out of your way to engage #stragglers and bring them in.  #PeaceGoodShepards
Shout out @JEZ1eldishwasha and @Drunken_Monkeee #ChiLegends #Whattup!
@ReasonablyCrazy Chi-Mera, cause I'm from Chi-Town. Get it? Get it? Get it? *cymbal crash*
#Substitutions: #Nega or #Ninja for #Nigga, #Funk for #Fuck and #Bish (Big Fish) for #Bitch (shout out to @kendricklamar and #GeorgeClinton) #TakeBackTheLanguage
The style of #humor (or #humour in England) of #Seinfeld is similar to #Martin. #90sThrowback #Sitcoms
I thought I'd do an #obligatoryBathroomMirrorSelfie...		Why? 		I'm looking for a #WIFE!!! 		#graitutousVanity #noShameHeHas #GreyJediSwag #ItsAllLove #Peace #Love #Fun #Joy… https://t.co/sw4oAoO829
Want professional, quality, creative, eye-catching #design? Check out my #portfolio: 		 https://t.co/7n4NaprzOP
#w00t
Need empathy? Evoke #MamiWata
Taking advice in #Economics via @S_C_		https://t.co/KwqmppRuzZ
Ancient Kingdoms found and instructed ways to #teleport matter From/To #spiritual #sites around the #World. The most powerful was in #Egypt. #ThePyramids	...... #tinfoilstatus #thisDudeIsCrazy 😉
#channeling #havingFun @ Evanston Beach https://t.co/10KoZkrZtq
My out of state friend is a #Pisces, #Olokun, but you also know him as #Mohammad.  #DivineImperfection is #Perfection #PeaceBeUponYou #Sincerely #ProphetDent #GodIsGood #GoodIsGod
#Ogun is my bro. Like literally. Toast to brother #Moses. 🍷
🐉
#followMe @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/Xk0PuA4bgB
I have the wandering spirit of the #Coyote the curiosity of the #Monkey &amp; the dignity of the #Eagle The #Lion is my protector. The #Gorilla is my #SpiritAnimal. I have the humility of an #Ant. #Dolphins are #Kin #Ecosystem
Want #SuperWisdom? Spend quality time in the company of #Elders Ase
Wanna gain #SuperPowers? Spend quality time in the company of #Women and #Children. #Family
When Mom is mad, #MotherNature is mad. Y'all don't wanna see Mother Nature reeeally angry. 😣 #jussayin
I #Respect and #Love my #Father, but my #Creator is very much my #Mother. Amen.
#followMe
@ReasonablyCrazy Oh you know it Big Baby Buddha!!!
In #Meta terms, I have the ability to to absorb, transmute, and be inhabited by energy of any deity, mythological figure or deceased person I evoke. I affect probability and transform outcomes into positives.  Ase
Bored, waiting for the EL, singing Badu. 	🍊	My exciting life, in a nutshell. 	🍔	#BlueCollar #Soul #RnB #ErykahBadu #Vocals #fun #music is #healing #and #love #peace #life #melody… https://t.co/ryFrQ1diOO
Oh, my doctor too.
Bettering myself and my health is my #1 motivation. The only person with access to my body is myself.
If your reputation is dependent on falsehoods spread by fools, then that's not your reputation. That's their dependence on you to validate their fear of you. What doesn't exist cannot hurt you. #WordsOfWisdom
I'm here to maintain the balance. 		#Message #GyeNyame https://t.co/TZgAeVX075
Taking a break from cleaning house, er, cleaning my house. 		#Deadpool #ComicBookFan #Nerd #Marvel #FunAtWork #Macro #photography #life #peace #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/37Le3Xhoyw
RT @2toes_: “Freedom lies in being bold.” ―Robert Frost
Historical examples of #Transgender and #NonBinary deities from #Africa, #TheAmericas, #Asia #Europe and #Australia. It's nothing new people. #EducateYourself https://t.co/t3qMnC3E8D
There are people born with XX genes with Male Genitalia, XY genes with Female genitalia, just like people are born with stunted growth or other conditions. It's been this way for a while. God don't make mistakes. #TransgenderLove #DualSpiritWarriors https://t.co/DQrf28UWfU
Now playing @joeyBADASS "Christ Conscious" https://t.co/93H4Sd75VL
If UR reaction to a headline saying, "Chicago had no violent shootings this weekend" is along the lines of "Wait til next weekend" or "There must be something wrong", YOU'RE the problem. Your line of thinking is indirectly giving power to the shooters. #Peace #GyeNyame
The colors #Deadpool wears just happen to be the same colors of #Shango. Hmmmmmmm. Coincidents? 😉
Real Talk, what if @Beyonce was like, legit....Queen of all the Bees in the World this whole time, and we thought it was just a fan club? Y'all mess with her if ya'll want. I'm staying safe and unstung. #Respect #Love #ICantAffordARingThoRightNow #MaybeAFriendshipBracelet? #Peace
@VP @ICEgov Dear @VP, respectfully: abolishing violent crime, vicious gangs and human trafficking is how you abolish violent crime, vicious gangs and human trafficking. You get to the root of the problem, not a branch. Like cold Lemonade on a hot summer day, ICE needs to dissolve. #GodFirst
@Nas @Damianmarley @Knaan - Africa Must Wake Up #Gospel #Listen #Love #Peace https://t.co/VFelY7BSYj
Bronze skin, wooly hair. 		I don't know about y'all, but I love my complexion. I love my body, I love the way I look. No matter where your shade lies on the spectrum, no matter what shape… https://t.co/Fk5dpaepue
Classic. Cold. Chiberia. 	📡📡📡📡📡📡📡📡📺📻	#westside #chicago #classic #car #automobile #oldschool #lowrider #suspension #summer #urban #architecture #people #city #citylife #heat #street… https://t.co/iC5fHxIOyG
Ran into this cool #mural on the #westside of #Chicago 		#art #mural #painting #talent #public #wall #urban #pilsen  #infrastructure #redevelopment #beautiful #political #message #oneLove… https://t.co/jmSZnzbNQg
#violet #sunset #photography #sky #color #colors #nature #cosmos #canvas #feeling #love #life #peace #prosperity #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/6lGQOcqekS
Worshippers of #Khemet, quit ackin like that Empire was one that stood for Truth and Justice. It was the glorified prequel to #Rome.  GTFOH!! People of the true #Ankh stand up if you know what I mean.
My pre-workout face. 	🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚	#motivation #gameFace #health #fitness #wellness #healthy #lifestyle #motivation #inspiration #photography #portrait #selfportrait #filter #creative… https://t.co/Wd90OGTq8D
@ReasonablyCrazy Lmao!!! 🐲
People who think, or speak about Sex in explicit ways are boring in bed. Creativity lacking. Watered down love making. Karen's Potato Salad Trysts. No #kamasutra skills at alllll. #FACTS - #theShaman
Tonight I become your worst dream. The serial healer. The healmonger. The unseen. #TheShaman
@ReasonablyCrazy Depends on how many drinks I had.....
Like my second home. 		#BaHai #Temple #Spiritual #architecture	#lamdmark #publicSpace #free #resource #meditation #prayer #contemplation #peace #love #life #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/Z0y8SJHqp1
Artofficial Intelligence - shout out to #DeLaSoul
#ETHICSOFAI
÷%=÷%_÷_÷_÷%%÷%_÷%÷%÷_%÷_÷_%
Why the need for #borders ? 		#wisdom #knowledge #colloquial #sayings #reThought #reConsidered #unique #perspective #spoken #truth  #notReallyThatUniqueButForgotten #peace #unity #love… https://t.co/okCmPA40FC
#GenX and #Millennials like to harp on how #BabyBoomers "messed it up" for us. What happens when #GenZ says the same to us? Like getting lit, hooking up, and being on social media all day is going to save the World. #Perspective
On a serious note, I Love and Respect #Judaism, #Islam, #Christianity, #Buddhism, #Taoism, #Hinduism, #ScientificRationality, and all #IndigenousBeliefSystems. Lets have Independence from thinking we're that much different from each other.  #HappyFourthOfJuly
IMO #HomerSimpson is the greatest American icon of my lifetime.
This time I'm going to fill #IronMan's suit with a mix of cayenne pepper, vinegar &amp; honey, and put gorilla glue and limburger cheese on #CaptainAmerica's shield. Hear that @RealAlexJones? 		Stay woke!		 #secondcivilwarletters
Confession: This World has all but disengrated the appeal of #Sex for me. I support it because it creates life, but it's lost it's luster IMO. I want to have children though. Somebody pray for me please. Thank you. :)
Slice of paradise in the city		#minehahafalls #minehahapark #minneapolis #minnesota #urban #getaway #nature #park #waterfall #green #America #beauty #water #photography #love… https://t.co/eKABX1BtxN
RT @UncleRUSH: Lord let them see you in me https://t.co/azKRF4tKbl
I'm working on ways to put a curse on all guns. #Shaman
Hey #AlexJones @infowars, you're right about the #conspiracy. I'm also the ringleader. My ancestors snuck it in the #constitution. One nation, UNDER ___, fill in the blanks. #peace
RT @guardian: The Palestinian engineer using ashes and rubble to rebuild Gaza – podcast https://t.co/5BP4voYreP
@BicycleDutch @GuSv01 Lots of rarely used roads/expressways in the states could use this treatment. That's amazing.
God is Good. Good is God.
May the spirit of Independence from an oppressive government that exerts its leadership from the top down be celebrated this 4th of July. Lets not forget the bare bones reason why we fought. #America
https://t.co/8LDbzWGA6l - Mother of 9. 	6+6+6 = 18. 	1+8 = 9. 😂😂😂😈👿		All your base belong to us.
Classic #Three6Mafia #threesixmafia 		"Late Night Tip" - 1997		#mtown #underground #memphis #classic #djpaul #juicyJ #LordInfamous #KoopstaKnicca #GangstaBoo #CrunchyBlack… https://t.co/LeSktCLmqy
RT @kampraful: Its better to be Unique than the Best.	Because the Best makes you Number One, but Unique makes you the Only One.......	GOOD…
Read them, let me know when, where and why we forgot them: 		https://t.co/Vld77yhhH8
#ModernBlackSuccess: Isolating yourself from the poor, and using it as a benchmark to 'inspire' others to do the same. Am I right?!
The people who make up #Hollywood drive past us poor, lowly people without even batting an eye, like we're scenery, unworthy of acknowledgment. I like the movies, but I don't have much love for that culture.
Talk, Walk, Take the Bus, Take the Train.
144,000 in numerology is 9. 9 is an endlessly repeating integer, all multiples of 9 wil always end in 9.
Walk of art. 		If you want to see more pictures of urban life such as this, follow @streetsandsoul on instagram.		#chicago #westside #latino #mural #art #Photography #brownPride #paint… https://t.co/ZGKtuWtkOx
Be inspired by happily married couples, especially those with children, regardless of gender. Be inspired by good parents. Family is not a bad word. #GoodNight
Using graphic language for sex brings with the anger, frustration, and disillusionment of having curse words describe a beautiful act. We can do better.
Today's children are super-psychics. They have ESP that can feel the power of words. If you take a term like "hanging out" and use it to mask a sexual encounter, they're going to inhabit the imagery, sounds and feelings of what happened while you were "hanging out". Comprende?
Having sex with random people is a desecration of your body - #Mom		I agree.
It's always a pleasure to run into #HannahFrank, lead singer of @HFGEvents.  		She is fiercely bold, mysterious, independent, determined, deeply-rooted; brimming with beauty and grace in… https://t.co/a9DHa7iaUT
Mega Powers Unite! 		My Brother from another Mother @brothabinary and I. 		#family #friends #Photography #kin #shalom #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/PA4Elq2nZr
Up early in the morning to help my brother, @brothabinary move. 	￦¥¥÷÷=%¿¥=°°=\///\\\/[\\/\\\\\\/	Bienvenido A Todos	¿¿¿¡%^¡[[[[^[]]]]]&lt;]&lt;][&lt;&lt;*/=¿¿^[	#selfie #selfPortrait #peace #love… https://t.co/9SflRXcq4k
Fellow #HipHop heads, I think it's cool to #dance again right?! Cause I'm having too much fun over here. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Representing house #targaryen today. 		Being that I'm from #Chicago, I feel more closely connected to house #Stark and #Winterfell, but is still #respect 		Picture taken by #Mom… https://t.co/lWMPmEiNx8
God created the World with no borders. #FACTS
#AMERICA!!! GO TO YOUR ROOM FOR A TIME OUT! - #MOM
The #AmericaTravelBoycott or #ATB should extend to all goods imported into our country too. No goods should cross our borders. #Thoughts?
Maybe the best thing for #America is a travel boycott. Since we want to close our borders, how about nobody visit us at all. #Thoughts?
https://t.co/vXDfRW0a3A
@realDonaldTrump I just want a Good Latte!
Yo! #BizzyBone , you gotta check out @SlumpGang777!!! Peace to you bro!
To @SteveHarveyFM https://t.co/29YfW0JMrG
Hey @Nas, you afraid of Sleep's cousin? You #Scurred
The byproduct of having patience during this period is becoming the greatest #Lover you'll ever be. Don't sound that bad to me. #jussayin
If you're thinking about someone else to initiate a sexual encounter, indirectly or directly, you need to confront them, or abstain from sex until you think about the most important person in your life, YOU!
#Polyamory, #Polygamy is cool if the Love is dispersed evenly among all the parties involved.
I knew things got bad when "having fun" and "hanging out" became corrupted. There was no way our children were going to be able to thrive in conditions of such blatant malfeasance. Have fun in the way fun was intended to be had.
Scared of commitment? No s**t!!! One cannot turn a house into a home by having multiple sexual partners. Your body is YOUR temple. During intercourse, you merge with your partner(s). Think about that.
Feeling a bit 'flustered'? Go outside and walk. Park your car somewhere and walk. Its an affordable activity, one that many don't have the opportunity to participate in. Be #grateful today!
@HodanStyrene Hi! How are you doing? I heard you were looking for a designer. What are you looking for. Check out my portfolio: https://t.co/7n4NaprzOP
#Hinduism #Buddhism and #Islam will continue to flourish in #CentralAmerica and #SouthAmerica
#GoodMorning		#Cereal is never a bad thing. Try using an alternative dairy product such as Soy Milk, Almond Milk, Hemp Milk, https://t.co/jbeEmvw3Ml		#healthy #morning #activities #breakfast #carbs… https://t.co/zbjdsjrAWr
🍦
Shout out to my good friend #HannahFrank and her band, #HannahFrankGroup.  Listen to her beautiful rendition of "Hallelujah". 	#Music #Musicians #Folk #Blues #Gospel #Guitar #Melody 	https://t.co/hyyJuM6u86
I miss #SuperSoakers
May anybody who uses #BlackMagic in any malicious way be the #recepient of the #Curse of the #Ntontom #Ase
#rollcall #innerCircle #Moses #Muhammad #BigBuddha #Buddha #GuanYin #Vishnu #Brahma  #AmunRa #Ra #Thoth #Abraham #Imhotep #Oshun #Osanyin #Yemoja #Hera #Ananzi #KaliMa  #Asclepius #Kulkulkan #Huitzilopochtli + more. #squad
Give us this day our daily #bread 	+ #SteelCutOatmeal + #Jam + #Eggs + #Apples + #Bananas + #Coffee 		#Breakfast @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/M6xiN2cBwL
#GoodMorningChicago @ Morse 'EL' Currency Exchange https://t.co/UvKyHyvVxC
A forest in the city. The urban jungle. Nature and urbanity #coexisting		#Chicago #Photography #Urban 	#love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Rogers Park, Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/on9WHK4u4Q
Replace the f word with "Funk", whether in your head or verbally. To funk means to tweak. #letsGetIt
Certain places have violent energies leftover from conflicts our ancestors. Pay attention to energy. Replace the word "violent" with "violet"
#CosmicChristConsciouness The #conscience of #christ in the #cosmos		I speak in #carazor. I don't know about yall.
#morning #prayer		#Amen #GyeNyame https://t.co/aCkcBKAfIi
🐨
#rainbowCurse to anybody unfriendly to Gay.
Ever notice that #BlessYou rhymes with #Eshu? This is by design. ;)
May the spirit of #exploration, may the spirit of #Discovery be #binded in the name of #Jesus. #Amen
Remember this song's message? 		Lets live it! 		https://t.co/ZagTuxDiXR
#Legalize
@caviarbrian182 No doubt brother. Likewise.
#Cannabis is NOT a drug. #Ase #Amen
#forest #art #public #sculpture #Photography #growth #earth #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/cHORCzowA1
#mantra #chant #hook of the #day 	#healthy #conversation #communication #education #hiphop #preach #chorus #music #rhythm #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/HsFo9g1y6z
Healthy conversation, communication &amp; education 	#FUNKY
Its a #SwampThang 		#hollaAtMe 		#Photography #pond #nature #ecosystem #sustainable #natural #waste #management #system #WHAT!! 		#love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago… https://t.co/dAuK7jOiyW
#tall #grass #forest #nature #Photography #green #contrast #shadows #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/P5xhwAcXm0
#thePond		#dirty #stankin #funky 		#home 		#ecosystem #nature #Photography #art #life #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Chicago Botanic Garden https://t.co/zEkWHeMGGd
Still sex free, and can comfortably be sex free. #Success.
I apologize for the usage of 'The Others'. From now on, they are our #friends #UBUNTU
May the spirit of success be binded in the name of Jesus. #Amen
#GoodMorning #World https://t.co/9mJLRvzdLV
#StPaul #Market #nature #plants #harmony #Photography #closeup #farmers #market #macro #detail #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Saint Paul, Minnesota https://t.co/mJFIjrifj9
#Zen https://t.co/D2GbaX6Oc9
#GyeNyame
Homosexuality is NOT a sin.
May the spirit of #condescension be binded in the name of Jesus. Amen. "And I ain't know what condescending meant till yesterday." Shout out to @Wale
Technically, North America is NW Africa, South America is SW Africa, Europe is North Africa, Asia is NE Africa, Australia/Oceania is SE Africa. The Artic - far North Africa. Antartica - far South Africa, and so on.... #Pangea #Panafricanism
Life began in the #Congo
#Comedy @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/EfMHxM8CSj
#GoodMorningChicago @ Chicago, Illinois https://t.co/B3uF01RucN
I am the king of the Jews #MarbleRye
John 12:44 = #HipHop
JOHN 10:31 = #UBUNTU
Shout out to #DrunkenMonkee for the #inspiration
P.S. I put a #KringleKrunchKurse on #theOps
I got this. #Love @ Minneapolis, Minnesota https://t.co/hEldiydCk3
#One
The #17thCommandment Thou shalt not inherit the sins of the #mother or the #father. 		#Love
#Hi @ Minneapolis, Minnesota https://t.co/N9DhqTiF16
#pride @ Minneapolis, Minnesota https://t.co/8xBKdlXMx4
#theAbilityToShoveApunchDownAMuthankaThroat
For the ultimate protection, call forth #MamaLizbeth
#karma no longer has to hurt :)
#bananaCreamPie
Can you envision this street teeming with life? 	///////////////////////////////	With the right amount of #urban #planning #creativity #ingenuity #organization and #inspiration, it can be… https://t.co/pwyOmcvSvm
Reconnect with #MotherNature today, whether with friends or family, or #Nature itself. #Celebrate later with clean, wholesome fun. Or else ;) #Peace
I despise #bigotry
This is my #house. And what I say goes. #TheUniverse #TheMultiverse
I am #JesusChrist, #theMessiah but you can call me #MistaDent #FACTS
#AfrikaBambaataa is a #thumb that's scared to look people in the eyes. He is no longer the founder of the #ZuluNation. #ThePeople are. #Ase
May the #spirit of #peace and #love be binded in the name of #jesus #Amen
May the spirit of #Mockery be binded in the name of #Jesus. #Amen 		Credit: Nicki
Credit to the @ZuluNation1973 for the #16thCommandment
Respect the #others as if they are your #father #mother #sister or #brother. They appreciate it. :) 		#Peace
We bind the #spirit of #confusion in the name of #jesus.  #Amen	 	Credit: Nicki 		#oneLove #theManOfManyFaces aka #AgentCC #Peace @ Mercury Dining Room and Rail https://t.co/X5ZnZu5DQI
Christ Cosmic or Cosmic Christ. More information on it's way. #thankYou #Amen
Now Playing: @fatbellybella		Umm hmm	https://t.co/sAVjJU2dtk
May I expel any thoughts that do not serve me, in the name of Jesus. Amen.
We bind the spirit of confusion in the name of Jesus. Amen. - Thank you Nicki. ;) Sorry if I spelled your name wrong.
May those that walk amongst us be binded in spirit in the name of Jesus. https://t.co/KF1m4VwqdG
There is no such thing as a #perversion. There are #perverts though. Know the difference. #FACTS
Adaptive Re-Use 	//////\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\//////////\\\\\	#industry #farming #art #Photography #sunset #Minneapolis #Minnesota 	#color #life #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Minneapolis,… https://t.co/4jbMBsleLd
For the record: #Unity is #Love and #Respect #Ase
#16thCommandment #Peace #Love #Unity #HaveFun
#15thCommandment: Thou shall #respect #tradition
#14thCommandment: Thou shall honor thy #ancestors
#13thcommandment: Thou WILL honor thy #Elders
#12thCommandment Honor thy #Family
The #11thCommandment: #Honor thy #Son and #Daughter #Amen
#MiMadre 		#family #peace #love #prosperity @ University of Minnesota https://t.co/MetEFwFoBg
#goodMorning 		#trollin in my grave. #oldschool #frostedflakes #hackers #coders #techies #binaryCode #uta #assimilate #one #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Bordertown Coffee https://t.co/MLTV8iwqrT
#transportation @ Bordertown Coffee https://t.co/XsIns5ZcUm
#Vacation 		#photography #angle #composition @ Minneapolis, Minnesota https://t.co/5Qe5LgEPcw
#DontFuckWithTheShaman @ Witches Tower https://t.co/qQzeqUp1LC
When making the passage to the other side seems inevitable, call up on #OYÁ or #MaryMagdalena y #StGrey for #protection #one
#Ase @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/NXxcBUPqdp
#selfie @ Evanston, Illinois https://t.co/2yFrXJshLF
Liar liar pants on fire, ants on ire, for those who try to lie, will wind up with tongue in tie ;) ::::::::::||||}}||||\\\\\\//////
Sometimes to get what needs to be done, you gotta go low. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
@RealCandaceO Self fulfilling prophecy much?
The #Guns4Compassion gift also affects any military weapons. Play nice ;)
#Guns4Compassion - May the emotion of the victims of gun violence enter the minds of those who wish to pull the trigger on anyone or any creature not in self defense. - #TheShaman
Shout out to #WestCoast #Maestros, @terracemartin @DjDahi and @SounwaveTDE for creating a #Masterpiece in the #Loyalty #Instrumental by #KendrickLamar
Check out my 'Freestyle' over the #instrumental of #Loyalty by @kendricklamar, listen closely to the #lyrics, spelling errors and all. 😂	https://t.co/Os7QZwxGjW 		 #One
The #Principles of #HipHop are #Peace #Love #Unity and #HavingFun. Shout out to the #ZuluNation
#HipHop is a #culture, which includes the #GraffitiArtist, the #DJ, the #MC (aka #Rapper) and the #BBoy/#BGirl The 5th element is #Knowledge. Hip-Hop was born out of the slums of the #Bronx in #NYC #History #Refresher
#HipHop ,#Rap music rather, is neither good or bad. That is dependent on the perspective, intent, artistic aptitude, and hard work of the artist making the music.
#HipHop #flows are complex rhythmic patterns in syncopation with percussion. The voice becomes an instrument: working with cadence, melody, delivery and emotion to create musical harmony. The potency of the Words adds an element of spirit and urgency to it. #Music
The #Drum is the sound of the pulse of the human body and the #rhythm of the World. It's the resonant vibration of the primordial patterns of the Universe. The Big Bang. #Origins
To @genesimmons The day #HipHop is not #Music is the day the #Drum ceases to be a Musical #instrument #FACTS
Never been too proud to take advice.
One.
#Revelations was written for the minds of anyone who would dare try to stop the process that God has in motion #peace
https://t.co/N7x7JfeAFo - #nowPlaying
Breathe. 	/\\//\/\\//\/\\\\//\\/\/	Relaxation… https://t.co/HH8QRKxGiu
Oya and Xhango together now you know you in trouble. ;)
@OVOSound @Drake Moms a Scorpio. This best be a good album.
If @RickRoss rapped about food, somehow he'd make it taste better.
#saturday #walk #afternoon #lake #photography… https://t.co/MZsJFkiA4I
The #ScientificMethod is #GodApproved #Science #Faith
One of my favorite #teas		Mix it with #ginger to… https://t.co/gJEXKWbVvT
@localblackgirl @SydneyA Ain't that right!!! :)
The #Sinaloa #Cartel and all other #DrugCartels are now incorporated into the #SinusInfectionCartel, which will #collapse and #BlowInTheWind - Sincerely #theShaman &lt;3
#gyeNyame = #hallelujah and all other forms of praise to the creator. As above so below. Direction is relative. #Peace #Love #Prosperity
We all in this together. If you not with us, leave. You won't get far though. Resistance is futile. :) ♥ There ain't no space program for #Negus. #GyeNyame
I'm a conqueror of stupidity. #FACTS
@bizmichael then have a child.
If you think #Ethiopia #Egypt #Somalia #Tunisia #Eritrea #Sudan #Morroco and any nations in #NorthAfrica and #EastAfrica aren't #Africa 👏 You 👏🏿 are 👏 sadly 👏🏿 mistaken. Learn some #Geography #FACTS
@KenyanTraffic @GhettoRadio895 @KoechMmanuel LMAO
whattup #Africa #BabaDent in the building.
I don't throw shade, I throw sunlight on shade. #taaaaaaalkToMeeeeee
#HappyFathersDay Lets make the World a place where fathers can be happy, where children can be happy with their father. #Peace
#hell is a bad breakup. Not really a place though. #FACTS
I met @frenchiedavis
#Evanston #night #walk #rail #transit #lights… https://t.co/Lr8qsH6z20
Geometry. Nature's fireworks.… https://t.co/VS6Lf2Rxaj
Shaman work magic from thousands of miles away. My latest subject gon be aiiight :)
I literally watched people eating cupcakes on TV. Like, this is what we find entertaining in 2018. #culture
I think people may have forgot who I am.		Aw… https://t.co/TrMnzSixjN
Statements that almost always reveal guilt: 		"I'm sorry, but......" -  Anytime someone starts any sentence off with "I'm sorry", it's usually a train wreck in queue		"Well what about...." - Distractionary, non-pertinent, grade school questions for the loss. 		#statements
I wince when I hear grown Men and Women say they think about having sex all the time like its beyond their control. It sounds absurdly childish when you think about it. Get outta here.  		#makeLove
Do a test. Chronicle the thoughts you have throughout the day, the things you look at, the activities you do, the way you respond. How much would you be comfortable sharing with your children? If it's very little, why so?
Statements that psychologically commodify, exploit and promote violence in sex: "I need d**k", "I need p***y". You've reduced a human being to a body part. Sex is a mutual exchange. 		#makeLove
#violence needs to be removed from #sexuality, whether implicit or overt. The word "vile" is in violence.  Think about that. If your intent is to hurt or exploit yourself or someone else, what message are you sending to your conscious via orgasm? 		 #makeLove
A 2 year friendship destroyed just for a moment of pleasure in your sick twisted game. I see right through you now. I see the ugly in you. I don't like to use that word but it applies. I speak from the heart. #Hurt
Pre #meditation #mantra #chant #sung by me.… https://t.co/ndHaIaQu4z
I had a vision of what the #AntiChrist looks like. This is the new face of the New New World Order. #Beware https://t.co/vpIfxdtd7R
Music n… https://t.co/4hm3EqQ29w
Explosion collapse		#Midwest #Aesthetic… https://t.co/A2OOMXv6ND
#chicago #mural #art #paint #composition… https://t.co/y1xKOcYo7F
#art #sculpture #photography #sunset #urban… https://t.co/LReNOka6VM
I come from the oldschool, #Black definition of #feminism, meaning somebody acting up, Sisters gonna gang up and stomp the life outta that somebody. #FACTS
I learned what I needed to learn from my celibacy. Moving on to no sex without trust and emotional connection. Living my life fully and keeping my eyes open. &lt;3
Just because I'm abstinent doesn't mean I don't get down. I just need that special someone with whom I can give the key to my freak code to.
White people, by virtue of being White, are cultured with a mindset that says "I'll win" because the system is set up for White people to win.
At Evanston HS, White students asked, "What college am I going to?" while Black students asked, "Am I going to college?" #segregation #racism #legacy
The turtle that stubbed yo toe and caused you to drop yo plate.
I'm a Panafricanist. I've always been one, I will always be one.
I don't worry, Karma has a way of catching up. It's inescapable.
You were an expert at hiding it, vague answers, lying to me about what you were doing, living a double life. Honesty, integrity, communication and courage are sexy to me. All that other s**t you do is unimpressive.
Morality needs to return to society and we need to define it in a way where it can't be distorted or placed on shaky ground.
I never 'sealed the deal' because my body, mind and soul intuitively knew that you were bad for it. The more anger I felt from you, mixed with your inability to say what's on your mind led to this. Nobody owes you sex. Now you've lost your best friend too.
My success won't be revenge. It will be my success. Maybe it moves at a way that's not to your liking, but that's why it's MY success. To be frank, I prefer that you never hear or read about me at all. Its easy to do today, just log off.
Take the Love I give to you and give it away to someone else? Fine, it's your choice. Its my choice to never give you anymore. Now you've lost the best Man you'll ever meet. Whoever you are, I hope you find what you're looking for. #Peace
Its #Gemini season. I dedicate this #rendition… https://t.co/a3RTVc0bDM
A pathological liar isn't impressive or attractive to me. At all. It's sad.
This culture rewards those who lie and manipulate or distort the truth. It celebrates, fetishizes it.
#Fellas do not be ashamed to hold your current or prospective partner to your same moral standards. #Manhood #Dating #Love
#Misogynouveau: 		An updated version of a misogynist with a "respectable" mask on. Someone that doesn't overtly display misogyny in crude ways, but still commodifies, disrespects and exploits Women. Beware.
RT @DondasHouse: Many people have also asked about where they can make donations. Donations can be made here: https://t.co/tQl8N1weTq.
Spring cleaning is not just an exercise in organizing a workspace, its also a… https://t.co/sQjOnVOB5u
#acapella #snippit from #theShaman off #theManOfManyFaces 	#hiphop… https://t.co/1Gn3I57XEF
The World Within a World. 		#nature #spring #photography #westside #chicago… https://t.co/iSpAXrB7Nm
#Israel will pay for its treatment of Africans. #theShaman #iboggni
Behind the scenes with @ThisismeIsaiah and @chaitulani at the… https://t.co/541WZTILEK
#drumming to officially #annoint the #stage with @ThisismeIsaiah and… https://t.co/lDX1Zk3zq3
#SHAMAN SPREAD LOVE!! @ Brooklyn, New York https://t.co/w0Xyi5f0jV
#message to #lightworkers .	#peace #love #prosperity #fun 	#theManOfManyFaces #mistadent… https://t.co/nO2YY8bbWL
Maybe I should get a side gig in #narration #starwars #nature #amazon #rainforest #trees #rivers… https://t.co/v4RcDgmgsG
#hangingout #sex #sextalk #modern #society #culture #culturalNorms #oppisition #counterpoint… https://t.co/Q6PbBDEI7Y
#mistadent #update #music #motivation #community #hiphop #streetsandsoul #positivity #unity… https://t.co/nZspj4UPOU
At #rednightclubchicago watching the #ladies kick off the #krayzieBone #afterparty #hiphop… https://t.co/jzCeh3rDbW
I will be opening for @iamKrayzieBone with the homies @ThisismeIsaiah and #ZenFury at… https://t.co/IW9yqIwidE
#SHAMAN #PARTY!!!! https://t.co/wIcq0dNjH7
mama__yaya and her band rocking the stage last night at subtchicago for #grownFolksBusiness… https://t.co/6eC4QjfQav
Back on the air. 		Mista Dent gracing the airwaves of "Coffee Breaks With Mel L and Bob… https://t.co/SNc4llPSyJ
#SHAMAN TURN BAR TABLE INTO #TALKINGDRUM https://t.co/5X3MRcUhTP
#SHAMAN #MESSAGE #HEAL #PEOPLE #WORLD #LOVE @ Atlantic Ocean https://t.co/HqvDQwauDw
#evanston #mural #el #rapidtransit #paint #art #Photography #sunlight #february #life #love… https://t.co/k0jiuPtugR
Prairie meets the old country.		#Midwest #prairie #architecture #evanston #apartments #building… https://t.co/a4vtRbgYau
#TheShaman recounts his days dealing with that voice of doubt. 		#healing #loving #laughing… https://t.co/hO50mE9aG9
Muah 		#mural #lips #que4radio #black #blackisbeautiful #color #bricks #paint #art #Photography… https://t.co/kALFOCGMVQ
#chicago #winter #snow #neighborhood #residential #architecture #ambient #lighting #urban #city… https://t.co/IlMn75Jh4l
Streams of crossing light 		#chicago #Downtown #loop #urban #city #Photography #buildings… https://t.co/xoeYT7zdT5
All of the lights		#Underground #wacker #drive #chicago #theDarkKnight #bluesbrothers… https://t.co/ISZyw9EEEW
Wanna hear about how I put a radio station in Kumasi, Ghana on to Bone Thugs-N-Harmony?		#Africa… https://t.co/iJ8he3GqUr
#nature #snow #chicago #chicagoland #winter #atmosphere #Photography #trees #life #love… https://t.co/HGCnt1vc9s
All aspects of our society are crooked. How do we find God in this mess we've created?… https://t.co/hFc7ql5o0E
#happyvday #happyvalentinesday #happyvalentines #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Venezuela https://t.co/4jVT18s8Fv
#millenniumpark #park #grantpark #thebean #cloudgate #aerial #view #Downtown #chicago #loop… https://t.co/hfXCFF2eIU
#SelfPortrait #art #color #mardigras #desaturated #newOrleans #louisiana #fattuesday #paint… https://t.co/SmjtdS1Jdb
#afternoon #message 		#remember the @poor_righteous and the term #poorRighteousTeachers… https://t.co/8qYTKIlihY
#electroScatting #live on the #el #human #instrument of #rhythm #percussion #improvisation… https://t.co/jf6lqnGcjx
Chicago homage. 		#grocery #store #grocerystore #sunday #Photography #chicagoland #niles… https://t.co/DMlVJEo6Z9
Watching the #Bluegrass band #EmoryGap perform "Dancing In the Dark" by #BruceSpringsteen		Moms… https://t.co/PxgChwGlVN
#latenightlunacy #triangleZone #edition		#sketch #skit #comedy #humor #humour #series… https://t.co/eJgvmjpheo
#mystic #Photography #art #chicago #Portrait #compisition #color #focus #Love #TheManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/YqgylFDFkh
#offtheTop #freestyle over #24kmagic #brunoMars #improv #music #funk #hiphop #ripprince… https://t.co/ErOoeEJSda
A word about #overstanding 		#black #philosophy #psychology #biology #mathematics #geography… https://t.co/PUf2QHsHmM
I support @oprah #USA #oprah #oprahWinfrey #oprah2020 #presidential #candidate #president… https://t.co/4blbZvkD0m
#morning #sermon #motivation #preach #message #inspiration #joy #love #peace #beauty #faith… https://t.co/f8QDVLu921
#life #lessons #sermon #message #preach #toastWMapleSyrup #peace #love #respect #fun… https://t.co/Z710YZt7Tn
When I spent a summer in #Ghana, I would  often purchase this cheap, delicious bread, called… https://t.co/3z7MZ53Cw5
#electroScatting #soul #jazz #electronic #music #improvisational #art #love #life #faith… https://t.co/xFhmebMuy1
Gary, Indiana	//////////////////////	A small town in America. 		#gary #indiana #garyindiana… https://t.co/9jnoLGWAIK
#gary #garyindiana #abandoned #train #prairie #nature #Photography #urban #grit #city #life… https://t.co/nmKnQx1BPS
Whether it's a full piece or a throw up, #graffiti can add a much needed shot of electricity to… https://t.co/4l5WjAYYaz
Obligatory shot of The #Jackson5 		#Gary #GaryIndiana #Street #Building #Mural #Art #RIP… https://t.co/v0vT8pkRgy
Coronet Coronet		#garyindiana #gary #blacknwhite #street #urban #Photography #highcontrast #life… https://t.co/rhq2GTD7Ox
Do you believe in #Magic? 		#gary #garyindiana #mural #broadway #street #urban #commercial… https://t.co/9rsUNjhkLJ
The bizarre bazaar 		#Photography #gary #garyindiana #indiana #sign #Urban #Building #signage… https://t.co/VX4RQgP04z
What falls will rise again. 		#nature #gary #garyindiana #Photography #prairie #midwest… https://t.co/TZxjRKGjt2
#garyindiana #gary #Urban #Photography #streetLevel #street #city #love #TheManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/D8CVAXhbFR
#gary #indiana #architecture #art #mural #historical #urban #street #city #Photography @ Gary,… https://t.co/3bo1T6rU31
This is the monument that commemorates the first atomic reaction. 		#Song #BackThatAzzUp by… https://t.co/hv0frfQkZD
Who says the sky is the limit? 		#garyindiana #gary #indiana #art #mural #architecture #building… https://t.co/p8ntGefxzs
Feet through the grass		#Portrait #Photography #gary #garyindiana #Indiana #city #urban… https://t.co/V8FADxup1z
Shells not, infrastructure is 		#garyindiana #Urban #street #Photography #neighborhood… https://t.co/us1wdtVJ2Z
#comedy #humor #humour #hulkhogan #impersonation #wwe #message #urbanplanning #streets #industry… https://t.co/4plh0OejyX
#SelfPortrait #gary #Indiana #garyindiana #urban #city #grit #Photography #love #life… https://t.co/bqnVYYWnsI
To @MichaelJFoxOrg Have you ever considered #MedicalMarijuana + #HipHop to treat #Parkinsons ?
#southShore #railroad #millennium #station #train #rail #railfan #photography #city #chicago… https://t.co/odomozxzEA
Morning traffic report from #Mistadent via #WDENT 	///////////////////////	#motivation… https://t.co/wCG8smX6Ts
#message of the #night from #TheShaman 	//////0/////////0/////////0///	#sleep #humor #humour… https://t.co/69unkPpEue
Bored. So a #nerd like me decided to spit a #freestyle #freeofstyle about the #greatLakes… https://t.co/s4gvqaoiXH
#rapping #whoAmI by the #legendary snoopdogg #snoopDogg #chicago #LosAngeles #evanston… https://t.co/uKol8ioR0n
#chicago #skyline #northwestern #university #evanston #nature #ice #rocks #lake #lakeMichigan… https://t.co/8WOdeur3Rj
#chicago #chicagoland #northwestern #Photography #sunset #winter #lakeMichigan #lake #trees… https://t.co/1Eho4qaBIR
#chicago #architecture #westside #lawndale #3flat #apartments #winter #urban #neighborhood… https://t.co/KxslDFmIDQ
#offTheTop #freestyle #michaeljackson #2bad #hiphop #mc #lyricism #storytelling #love… https://t.co/ow4vQEUJCu
#friendly #message from #TheShaman #health #fitness #goals #comedy #humor #humour #Love… https://t.co/OUCqMK8vI9
It's parent child dance day at Herzl elementary.		#school #dance #parents #children #carribean… https://t.co/7cspyz2R3N
#FULLMOON #aquarius #leo #supermoon #Message #peace #love #prosperity #compassion #empathy #joy… https://t.co/RR50CfvGua
This is what happens when I drink too much #coffee 		#kendricklamar #Freestyle #offTheTop #humor… https://t.co/nsdJYPK0kr
#mood #selfie @ Los Angeles, California https://t.co/P3W1pq0wJC
#Israel needs #HipHop
To disprove is to acknowledge the existence of. #Science is of #God
#StringTheory #Quarks #QuantumPhysics #QuantumMechanics #physics and all other #Metaphysical sciences contain the #GodParticle, which is of #God because it includes it the word God in it!! #Science #God #Peace #GyeNyame
#earworm of the day 	"Keep it on the hush" by #Ludacris with the #hook by #jazzePha	Dedicated to… https://t.co/QuQqKGr5MT
Me singing "U Got It Bad" by Usher Acapella 	/////////////////	#rnb #soul #acapella #usher… https://t.co/0vDJjPqDNM
The night shift. 		#chicago #interior #Photography #laundromat #city #citylife #Urban… https://t.co/aRhLcsp1hx
Refined and in progress. 		#chicago #westside #Lawndale #night #winter #street #urban… https://t.co/gU0icZZp4N
Cordell Coard the Code Switchin Tram		#Comedy #skit #improv #black #transit #masstransit #europe… https://t.co/39upVk8uQU
#lakevilla #lake #fog #grey #winter #thaw #nature #life #chicagoland #Photography #love… https://t.co/BWmzedXHJK
Growth in mystery		#Chicagoland #Photography #nature #lakeMichigan #fog #color #love… https://t.co/9dHHiqUIak
#SelfPortrait #Photography #winter #evanston https://t.co/snhKM7OwyV
Art on the move. 		#freighttrain #train #graffiti #art #colors #Photography #winter #chicagoland… https://t.co/a9UBUTG8Ex
Chiberia		#chicagoland #winter #melancholia #cold #rust #rustbelt #grit #gritty #river #ice… https://t.co/7gK0KHCqU2
"Scatting with Alucard"		#comedy #skit #humour #humor #funny #Castlevania #jazz #horror #movie… https://t.co/lhVJhkM60q
Attprimm J Robinson - late night quiet storm train operator in Dubai. 		#comedy #humor #humour… https://t.co/LZWRfFqa1E
Message to that special lady. I see you. 	:)	#oya #dedication #TheShaman #rnb #soul #peace https://t.co/MzA5nFtpFd
Watching the band #oneLove perform at uncommon ground. 		#chicago #folk #music #live #musicians… https://t.co/hfwvQDX0mZ
Late night channeling to the beat. 		.#theShaman #lives @ Salem, Massachusetts https://t.co/99N0EYFpXt
What if I was Jesus? - A skit.		#Christ #Christianity #comedy #sketch  #satire #humor #humour… https://t.co/7fAJAgf523
No city like it. 		#chicago #love #chicagoLove #mural #Photography #paint #greetingsfrom #art… https://t.co/mJ7B626UfF
#2017 was a year of #spiritual #healing #love #compassion #empathy #growth #organizing #training… https://t.co/NaS2v4teMT
The bustle never ends. The hustle never ends. 		#Downtown #chicago #chicagoLoop #loop… https://t.co/MTNBLeErHl
South Side Sunset 		#chicago #winter #southside #lowend #Portrait #motion #urban #landscape… https://t.co/X0lOW13rLU
The apartment buildings of Chicago line the streets like the brownstone buildings of Brooklyn.… https://t.co/FXTDmcwx5R
#chicago #lakeMichigan #prairie #midwest #winter #nature #Photography https://t.co/L8vDkpe6RR
The tundra. 		#chicago #southside #southShore #eastside #southWorks #prairie #nature #midwest… https://t.co/VbDpvyrMAE
The colors of home.		#chicago #residential #houses #homes #architecture #color #paint #art… https://t.co/0nUszt5Z13
#chicago #EastSide #southShore #lowrise #midrise #architecture #neighborhood #urban #streetLevel… https://t.co/4LfCl2Oi85
Adorned in gold. 		#chicago #commercial #architecture #neighborhood #eastside #southshore… https://t.co/vJDmWkwJ4L
Winter Melancholia 		#chicago #EastSide #neighborhood #streetLevel #Photography #southShore… https://t.co/B6U0nsAaFA
#chicago #southside #Photography #church #commercial #street #architecture #neighborhood… https://t.co/avKmVax8dc
#chicago #southside #79th #street #streetLevel #Photography #soulFood #neighborhood #community… https://t.co/fHAiBpXBOm
#chicago #southside #architecture #Masonry #commercial #terraCotta #urban #streetLevel… https://t.co/S6u7ptGclD
#Chicago #Southside #commercial #building #terraCotta #urban #streetLevel #Photography #winter… https://t.co/sHpZvT4nyH
Anoint thee. 		#chicagoland #Photography #train #motion #industrial #electric #winter #cold… https://t.co/85sFFy6D7y
I need to have a role in the new #StarWars 	//////\\\\\\/////\\\\\\\\\\\\//////////\\\	Boddo Det… https://t.co/vbtLQxmJvW
Merry Christmas		#tunnel #architecture #modern #interior #design #xbracing #windows #Christmas… https://t.co/n7DZvp1i5d
Winter Sunrise		#Photography #evanston #lakefront #winter #sunrise #snow #cold #happyholidays… https://t.co/a6Lwej0fQw
Treating my mother to Cuban coffee and pastries in Humboldt Park. .		#family #mom #mother #home… https://t.co/v2jXKpStO1
#SelfPortrait #noFilter #Photography #winter #midwest #prairie #sunset https://t.co/6is9FIeBND
Like an alien landscape. 		#nature #prairie #midwest #cold #winter #ice #color #reds #maroon… https://t.co/pHbTUbDSsH
#wordsOfWisdom https://t.co/HDgSk8SC0U
#communication 	///////////////\\\\\\\\\\	"How are you" in #french , #portugese , #german ,… https://t.co/9jWjuIFAYv
#chicago #mural #outdoor #artwork #paint #painting #urban #street #streetLevel #Photography #art… https://t.co/zExw70gXzg
Chicago's neighborhood residential architectual jumble on display. 		#chicago #neighborhood… https://t.co/laG6Rojbsy
Trees in motion. 		#nature #Photography #forest #dynamic #motion #trees #tree #sunset… https://t.co/2ExtJlJjG7
Looking like the first drop on a roller coaster		#Photography #macro #closeUp #life #small… https://t.co/VcMYwxGVbK
Crooked Tetris. 		#industry #railties #wood #wooden #composition #artistic #closeup #art… https://t.co/mMpQgvi0kZ
3:11 to Chicago		#chicago #midwest #nature #industry #train #rail #railyard #nature #growth… https://t.co/yPTRIYNzWi
Like an electric mural. The CTA Holiday Train departs the Main Street El Station in Evanston.… https://t.co/6SbpDZWTGc
Downtown Chicago from Downtown Evanston 		#Chicago #Evanston #Downtown #View #Aerial #Cold #hue… https://t.co/kMY1riIb9D
Goose Dynasty		#nature #winter #cold #frozen #pond #geese #animals #wildlife #Photography #water… https://t.co/gdcdC2ixeo
#chicago #neighborhood #sunset #Photography #winter #snow #2flats #architecture #urban #city… https://t.co/gkk2eqhRAh
The mix of architectural styles on Chicago's streets creates a city with a wealth of hidden… https://t.co/vVZNbfk9rx
#chicago #wickerPark #public #art #publicArt #mural #606trail #neighborhood #color #sunset… https://t.co/78Clz8yCGx
The tundra		#chicagoland #outdoors #prairie #winter #landscape #barren #swamp #nature… https://t.co/YAAH2BIfWf
#chicago #Photography #winter #urban #streetscape #groundlevel #street #city #life #oneLove… https://t.co/yRoGa4gmmV
Take off		#chevrolet #chevy #chevelle #classic #car #automobile #Photography #forest #trees… https://t.co/qUubx3tAkp
Midwest Morning		#chicago #morning #streetscape #city #street #level #midwest #rustbelt #urban… https://t.co/IU56UJ4V1G
Good Morning Uptown 		#chicago #el #chicagoEl #uptown #view #inMotion #rapid #transit… https://t.co/Vk9z7KEndO
A few words about #redemption and #spiritual #discipline #healing #energy #light #dark… https://t.co/zgJkl9dK3d
#Freestyle over #murderwasthecase by #snoopdogg followed by what I thought was going to be an… https://t.co/SPh5pegIIX
The complexity of gravity		#fall #winter #nature #barren #trees #Photography #lake #lakeMichigan… https://t.co/MgiL0EICms
Orange forest of the small 		#closeUp #nature #Photography #macro #fall #orange #contrast #plant… https://t.co/ESbdXG8dD0
#bahaiTemple #BaHai #architecture #detail #sun #sky #contrast #spiritual #landmark #faith #art… https://t.co/mwvzLlu2ea
#SelfPortrait #sepia #photography #composition #warm #colors #winter #cold #warmth #oneLove… https://t.co/p7UxgclOnF
#Mural #Photography #evanston #graffiti #hiphop #art #visualArt #colors #composition #rust… https://t.co/nSHaCezgtL
Sup. 		#iguana #reptile #animal #nature #domesticated #wildlife #pet #Photography #closeUp… https://t.co/i5aBV4L0zt
Public Enemy lyrics come to mind		#art #murals #jungle #animals #publicArt #chicago #riverWest… https://t.co/wOtOPrM4Ga
Pay no attention to the fact I put on too much lotion and my nose is shining like a Stephen King… https://t.co/8L8f1FWmFu
A member of the #QueensGuard stands still. 		#miniature #winter #train #display #christmas… https://t.co/yJSAl79g3w
"Softly, as if I played Piano in the dark" 		#piano #lowlight #Photography #classic #jazzage… https://t.co/78DfAqHu5i
#nature #zen #lake #crystalLake #ZenZenZen #Photography #sunset #sun #clouds #shadows #water… https://t.co/ukQwVJq9Ld
#chicago #graffiti #mural #truck #urban #industry #art #hiphop #life #love #oneLove #Mistadent… https://t.co/4Olxcq4Yqb
The soft caress of the sun's rays sweeps across the land as to coat the ground with the seeds of… https://t.co/RkT9j6Dl9L
A message of #love #peace #happiness #friendship #kinship #unity and #joy from… https://t.co/c2Q9KHthjT
#SHAMAN #shamanic #message of #peace and #harmony #healing #love #GyeNyame #oneLove… https://t.co/DIS35ZLmiU
The drops of nurture. 	÷€€£÷*÷	#macro #Photography #water #closeup #contrast #hyperealism… https://t.co/sjrI9aTjNd
My imitation of Bane in Chicago. 	ন8ববনবদনবদূূীবূহগতুгфжб/\/*÷/	#comedy #chicago #skit #sketch… https://t.co/j9JuD7JJZd
A message of #peace and #unity #healing #light #love #faith and #laughter for this #beautiful… https://t.co/PKUJ7X6TiL
Spend a sultry evening with Mistadent. 	///\\\\\\\\/\/\/\\///\\\\\\\\/\\	#latenightlunacy… https://t.co/87BScIdHiS
Through the shadows grows a tree		#Photography #nature #BlackAndWhite #highcontrast #artistic… https://t.co/Rz7kr4jnMw
A #friendly #message from #theShaman 	#goodnight #peace #love #respect #laughter… https://t.co/gJ3E1qT0Ai
#prairie 		#Photography #nature #farm #rural #closeUp #macro https://t.co/1ENoIrGTeV
Like the ancient ruins of Rome		#Photography #morning #nature #farm #farmland #trees #decay… https://t.co/n8HoSo0MVN
Located at 680 N Lake Shore Drive, this building was once the largest building in the World in… https://t.co/cgl1ylyfSJ
Like creation. 		#nature #Photography #decay #life #complex #moss #plant #mold #trees #cool… https://t.co/8itKu42SLo
Like creation. 		#door #detail #castIron #gate #Photography #macro #tiltshift #composition… https://t.co/PG3g1d879a
It's only the greatest skyline in the World, nothing to see here. :)		#Chicago #skyline #view… https://t.co/FqvMlmB0Ih
The complexity of simplicity		#nature #Photography #sunlight #shadows #contrast #fall #colors… https://t.co/jSfOoEE6Q4
Goodbye to the places you've known		#Chicagoland #Photography #country #road #fall #trees… https://t.co/YCjTlo7rk3
Signals through time. 		#onePrudentialPlaza #downtown #chicago #loop #skyscrapers #skyscraper… https://t.co/3zUYvsChtn
Chicago's neighborhoods are an eclectic mixture of architectual styles. Gangways provide city… https://t.co/OPt2eAPplL
Built in 1899 to serve commuters from Chicago, the Lake Forest train station was recently… https://t.co/p5Pp6hob5Y
Underground MC @rockindhamic_11 shines on stage at #QueendomCome via the thedojochi, hosted by… https://t.co/dYUY03D2ri
#pilsen #night #mural #Photography #urban #city #street #night #winter #latino #art #color… https://t.co/Woo2TNNPHT
Mountains or #lakeMichigan 		#Photography #morning #composition #rocks #water #ice #Winter… https://t.co/O84LiAuoWv
The Lady in Red.	রদজ্বংবিকব়ব*÷	#chicago #el #urban #transit #scenes #highContrast #photography… https://t.co/4xTKa4U86D
The meaning of #life, as #channeled through #interdimensional #beings of #light as sung in… https://t.co/0R8z4IVJdy
#shamanic #chanting #healing 	#corresponding #channeling 		#peace #love #respect 		#theShaman @… https://t.co/pP83KGWeUM
#Chicago is like a modern day #Jerusalem with its distinct segmented, segregated areas and… https://t.co/wWHHtLHIuD
#listening to #maninthemiror by the incomparable #michaeljackson with #cbd #oil… https://t.co/gVPiAzEI5c
What is #God to me. 		God doesn't have an official title or name, yet it is of all of them.… https://t.co/0hC47Q7Frv
#SHAMAN #EAT #APPLE 		#BREAKFAST 		#GOODMORNING https://t.co/5oxJbIwRx9
#evanston #fall #colors #trees #apartments #buildings #urban #street #nature #city #scene… https://t.co/7ce1QGBYJV
#juxtaposed 		#architecture #modern #modernism #postModern #postModernism #classic #classical… https://t.co/W6h5uDXgRP
#art #mural #westLoop #alley #lowLight #Photography #composition #sunlight #shadows #color #line… https://t.co/3WapzOaRYv
#Mistadent over @9thWonder #9thWonder? Sure. #ChicagoHipHop #Chicago #HipHop #Freestyle https://t.co/5apPFUqXxf
#Mistadent #freestyle #freeOfStyle over #Loyalty by @kendricklamar #kendrickLamar #chicagoHipHop #chicago #hiphop https://t.co/jn4SnsxUc7
Me #performing my #hit #song #Segun #acapella off my #upcoming #classic #TheManOfManyFaces check… https://t.co/aZZtj7elP4
#SHAMAN #WORKOUT @ Cernica https://t.co/AYlgudPDIe
#SHAMAN #HEX #BRUJA #WANGA #GONGTAU ON DONALD J #TRUMP 		#OFFICIALSHAMANBUSINESS 		#PEACE @… https://t.co/Lt7oqVMhMF
Famous Rap Songs as Bedtime Stories 		#fatherhood #goals #funny #humor #hiphop #comedy #2pac… https://t.co/pLWChWgY3q
The possibilities of the future unfold before us. 		#chicago #fall #colors #trees #nature #sky… https://t.co/HekiYXjys7
#alien #landscape or right here on #earth? 		#mother #nature #color #scents #visual #poetry… https://t.co/YinbbQ8qls
I think people forgot what I'm capable of behind the boards. https://t.co/jWBUyGZYqm #instrumental #soul #trap #hiphop #theManOfManyFaces
Hello. 		A message from the #Shaman. As I #heal remember to always stay in your #GodZone #faith… https://t.co/ADue6M96jK
#SHAMAN #HEAL 	^¿μГ]¡§]¡`]`¡&lt;§&lt;^&lt;^°]¿`^&gt;	#healing #tones #peace #tranquility #love… https://t.co/NGHjcmctyw
#selfie https://t.co/6FfGwSYfo8
In use and with texture		#chicago #grit #gritty #grime #Photography #tunnel #texture #detail… https://t.co/PBieIYrxwV
#evanston #alley #graffiti #art #mural #piece #fall #colors #composition #oneLove… https://t.co/kPq5PXLBU2
Gateway to the West		#chicago #Photography #sunset #composition #colors #urban #buildings… https://t.co/jkcuAMZdZY
#latenightmusings with #Mistadent #philosophical #thoughts #humor #humour #profound #knowledge… https://t.co/Kb9JnhLarC
You got that #VladimirPutin?! Seeds and everything, I can't even smoke like that playa. Imma holla at you, don't holler at me no mo #Shaman
As the night winds down, may the morning sun rise to vanquish all that serves you… https://t.co/o1Un5J2Cuy
A Sunset Falls through touch. 		#chicago #hyperrealism #hyperRealized #Photography #photo #art… https://t.co/9yQYY2Dj2X
He Lives. 		#SHAMAN https://t.co/tsTF9l7CUn
The Gigantic World of All Things Small	///\\\//\\/\/\\/\\\\\\/\\\/\\\	#Photography #macro… https://t.co/QzAfDyaMp8
#bigUps to @chancetherapper for your #music and #contribution to the #community of #Chicago… https://t.co/rtBBjp7vx7
#latenightlunacy #offTheTop #Freestyle over #ErykahBadu 	#chicago #Underground #hiphop #talent… https://t.co/5hD5vPcZ3U
#SirPhloteckham the #lunatic #English #Train #Conductor 		#crazy #character #improv #comedy… https://t.co/a6x6tQF6iE
Laid Back Smooth S**t Vol 1? - Mixtape?		#future #mixtape #chicago #hiphop #comedy #humor… https://t.co/Xr9ZuO4oqt
#chicago #RiverNorth #aerial #view #night #Photography #oneLove #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/9M0HynET2U
#apartment #building #architecture #courtyard #Photography #waves #night https://t.co/pxZvp6aQ4b
The usage of the word #fool in #Africa has such a potent power. Lol.		#funny #humor #humour… https://t.co/NnALubVnWe
#biscuits… https://t.co/gKkO4WeeD2
Tears of joy		#chicago #Photography #night #lake #lakemichigan #water #motion #rocks #art #waves… https://t.co/OCmY65br8A
The waves of solitude 	#evanston #Photography #lake #lakefront #lakemichigan #sun #oneLove… https://t.co/0tksaKL7Ar
#mural #art #logansquare #photography #urban #city #life #oneLove #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/58r86yJi0j
#chillin 	#grasshopper #nature #Photography #macro #composition #color #love #life #art… https://t.co/SwqCoR6VHR
#violence #vegas #politics #humanity #message #hope #peace #work #community #love… https://t.co/R3DQDT0EGn
@judeappleby True, its just that Kim Jong Un is like...younger than me, and would have actually played SNES. LOL
#KimJongUn is the kid who got mad and turned the SNES off when you beat him in Street Fighter. Now he's running a country. #GoFigure
Affirmation for anybody going through stress. I'm with you. 		#daily #Affirmation #life #stress… https://t.co/t6740t5csB
#woods #forest #nature #trees #fall #Photography #sunset #green https://t.co/tbIbvBEnGV
My mishaps are a source of my amusement at this point, if I die, at least I die laughing #lmao #confession
#Freestyle in #respect to #houston over #PaulWall and #chamillionaire #theOtherDay #htown… https://t.co/sx2gk1bznM
there's regular intimacy and there's "you belong" intimacy. The former is often illusive and the latter is often elusive.
#michaeljackson #tribute #offTheWall #music #pop #rnb #dance #rip #fun #oneLove… https://t.co/QlMn05zgO1
The purpose of life is purpose itself. There is no answer. The answer is being cool with not knowing the answer.
If #Mistadent was on #gameOfThrones 		#comedy #skit #funny #humor #humour #chicago #Underground… https://t.co/hXIZzfsShi
#JituThaJugganot killing his set followed by #FuryHipHop		Two of my favorite people and two… https://t.co/pDH6bpX3bV
#comedic #observations of #society from #mistadent 		Getting a job is a process that virtually… https://t.co/UIZ0BBKRvA
#street #musician and the #fremontstreet area #LasVegas #footage #music #nightlife #neon #urban… https://t.co/YYQYUarkMq
#Americana #Neon #LasVegas #Photography #Night #oneLove #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Las… https://t.co/y9FA9iSlnp
Its a #bullshit #pandemic 	Don't fall for the enemy's okedoke	Be… https://t.co/j5WC9rSH5C
Life follows decay.		#nature #Photography #decay #tree #detail #character #complex #oneLove… https://t.co/dEnRNFQxpK
#plants #decoration #nature #fengshui #closeup #macro #Photography #colors #angles https://t.co/IW29aJodJp
The tactics that the cowards of #altright use is a different type of bullying that's not just… https://t.co/F26Ri3mNOl
#New #Mistadent with production by @MrTalented #Chicago #HipHop #WithWhatFace #Beataly #Music #Banger #Audio #Smack	https://t.co/UV4TxmP3F1
#NorthAmerica #CentralAmerica #SouthAmerica #Asia #Europe #Australia and even #Antartica. RESPECT THE #MOTHERLAND #AFRICA or else. #GyeNyame
#Tonight #MistaDent will be doing a set at @laughfactory_ch for the whatthehip game show. Come… https://t.co/ey1GPJp38p
Exclusive! @DPRK_News #corrupt leaders #NorthKorea &amp; #KimJungUn to be visited by #theShaman #tonight as well as #Trump :) #nighty #GyeNyame
To #Russia and #America This song is dedicated to you https://t.co/i8poFs3qMo - #TheShaman
There will be no violence committed under the name of #ISIS or any God. Any such action will be met with consequences. #GyeNyame
To president of #China #xijinping Release your grip upon your country and other territories in #Africa or you will perish. #Love #theShaman
To @NicolasMaduro Your empire will crumble and you will atone for your sins or perish. Sincerely #TheShaman :)
#bizarre #plants of the #prairie 	#nature #Photography #nature #composition #closeUp #oneLove… https://t.co/fSebmlaaCa
#bizarre #plants of the #prairie 	#nature #Photography #closeUp #rain #oneLove… https://t.co/3rEIiWPr54
#bizarre #plants of the #prairie 	#nature #Photography #closeUp #rain #oneLove… https://t.co/QZosQI0Dxe
#dance rehearsal at Herzl 		#support #art #music #community #video #footage #youth #empowerment… https://t.co/tgeOjI9h9G
#flowers in #bloom after the #rain #nature #trees #sky #peace #love #TheManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/qI5BV1jVO9
#MicOne, I dedicate #theManOfManyFaces to you. #depression #SuicideAwareness #compassion #mentalhealth
#internalThougts: Pretty lady, I'd love to make love to ya, but I got things to do, potato chips to buy. Time is a commodity in 2017 #yepppp
@EuroAutohaus_IL Very much!
The land of the titans		#Chicago #downtown #michigan #avenue #magnificentMile #skyscrapers… https://t.co/gDS5upMDoM
Lone 3-Flat 		#Chicago #residential #vernacular #Photography #emphasis #architecture #midwest… https://t.co/0LdLY8uyKB
#Chicago #greystone #architecture #urban #neighborhood #vernacular #residential #street #city… https://t.co/9XLcTQ3Cic
#eggs a #improv #comedy #skit 	#lol #lmao #latenightlunacy #wtf #humor #humour #talent #drive… https://t.co/gOAFX0xr1H
Brief #history #lesson of #rollercoaster in #DentSurround 	#humor #humour #comedy #lmao #love… https://t.co/ap2SIoMg1C
@EuroAutohaus_IL Phone. Thanks!
@realDonaldTrump #donaldTrump needs to get his ass beat
IM COOKIN BREAKFAST!!!!!!	///////\\\\\\\////\\\\\\/\	#Remix of #thatswhatilike by @brunomars… https://t.co/H6HbEG2zXH
One of my students grabs a straw and asks me "Why can't I stab him in the throat with this?" #teacherLife
RT if you want to see @sextherapper speak on issues of sexual inadequacy and intimacy, and their root causes.
#zucchiniLeaf #vegetable #grocery #photography #healthy #food https://t.co/rk5qaq5Ot0
#Fritz the #musician has been a staple at the #Howard #Street #El #Station for years. He creates… https://t.co/mYjkSPK2xu
Can't beat this view.		#Chicago #Skyline #LakeShoreDrive #NorthAvenueBeach #lake #lakemichigan… https://t.co/dyB3ocmVht
#FRIENDLY #MESSAGE #FROM #THESHAMAN #ASÉ @ Zaire, Nord, Haiti https://t.co/iT31SV1Zc5
Bumping #Honey by @fatbellybella shout out to #9thWonder #HipHop #Classic
The tools of war need to be dismantled. #GyeNyame
Terrorism, where did it come from, and what's the origin of it? It's essentially a doctrine of extreme fear. Well, who the hell wrote it?
shit,If it aint oatmeal, its them damn terrorists
all kind of clumped objects and shit, the fuck?
Muthafuckas putting raisins in the oatmeal, fuck outta here
I'm on some old school Quaker Peaches and Cream instant microwave packet shit
Muthafuckas waking up to cups of steel cut oats and shit
Porride and shit, do it old school, carbohydrates
I needs to regulate my blood pressure with more hibiscus tea
mind body soul, air conditioning and a lil bit of why the fuck do I feel arthritic nerve pain, the hell is this getting old shit?
bleached with a bit of the basket for ya
yeppers on the peppers its gonna be a long night
fuck yo couch and yo armoire, this is an arm war.
Dear @Sethrogen , you should do a full feature film called "Liam Neeson High"
#RamenNoodles a new #Trap #Opera #Anthem #lmao #humor #humour #midDay #insanity with… https://t.co/5A042uuECg
My "Evil" side is a good guy version of #theJoker I'm not only a glutton for self punishment, I find it amusing #lol #cryingTears #lol #corn
#Singing #MyPrerogative by #BobbyBrown on my #afternoon #commute #lmao #song #pop #superstar… https://t.co/lyDY0nmyRP
#Chicago #StaySafe #StayCool #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/cPUPfX4lj4
#modern #architecture #evanston #tiltshift #photography #sunset #colors #love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/SpKuYkSqWE
#SilverRoom #festival #community #fellowship #arts #crafts #food #music #family 	What could be… https://t.co/oi2JI5TAJS
This building looks like something you'd see in #Tokyo. Shout out to the #architects at… https://t.co/0hlq5qZsBA
#Chicago #HydePark #Apartment #Building #Residential #Architecture #Photography #lowLight… https://t.co/WDwZ94s5ji
#HarrietTubman #Mural on a #building in #Chicago #Street #Urban #Art #Love #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/IYajXzlMIF
#Chicago #style #Apartment #Buildings #architecture #urban #design #Photography #life #love… https://t.co/KSGJbCb29r
#terraCotta and #masonry on the corner of #79th and #CottageGrove in #Chicago#architecture… https://t.co/PnMLtJrCey
#Chicago #architecture #hydePark #residential #urban #street #level #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces… https://t.co/jhL8kQjIkY
#Lotus #Restaurant on #79th #Street #EastSide or #SouthSide back in my day. 		#food #urban… https://t.co/C2mmUwrbX0
#SHAMAN #FINAL #MESSAGE #OF #THE #NIGHT #PEACE #HASHTAG #NOHASHTAG #HASHTAGYOUCHUMP… https://t.co/7JhLQXVDIE
#SHAMAN #GPS #KanyeWest https://t.co/nbNqgvUlDI
Uh oh, its taking control of me....he's returning...   ... .... M	...nn.  .nh.… https://t.co/OXj3zxm2od
#late #night #lunacy returns!!		#comedy #improv #character #sketch #humor #humour #crazy #insane… https://t.co/YFrfNaLyUx
#Chicago #Loop #El #Night #hyperRealized #Photography #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @… https://t.co/0ZVVH1OL8l
#nature #leaves #closeUp #macro #red #color #Photography #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/ekz1Fe2S8Z
#figurines at a #rummage sale 		#Photography #closeUp #composition not quite #monochromatic but… https://t.co/oNsEWDMcmA
There's something poetic about random piles of #bricabrac 		#rummage #warrior #composition… https://t.co/16hePcNFxI
#graffiti #mural framed by #concrete 		#Photography #urban #street #level #art #oneLove… https://t.co/2PaMfzRlhO
#cornerstore on the #westside of #chicago #street #urban #Photography #walk #explore #dream… https://t.co/QJXl0hcpOr
#Chicago #graffiti #mural #art #Photography #sunset #hiphop #love #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent https://t.co/cNphxBP8l6
An abstraction of simplicity creates complexity		#message #Photography #abstract #hyperrealism… https://t.co/FmZd0l1Niq
Up close and #personal with #nature #photography #macro #colors #insects #plants #love… https://t.co/26zFF8EAtb
#exotic #flora and #fauna to be #found growing #freely around #chicago #rustbelt #nature… https://t.co/YwnAMc7w5d
#Chicago #Westside #Architecture #2flats #urban #street #residential #Photography #oneLove… https://t.co/XRzyU7MGF9
#Chicago #WestSide #2Flats #architecture #urban #Photography #streets https://t.co/AoRIbDA6Qr
#westside #chicago #greystone #bungalows #architecture #Photography https://t.co/9Af026dtoV
#Staircase #Photography #interior #design #oakPark https://t.co/dz4Gstmrsx
#Photography #urban #tiltShift https://t.co/zADIQAgXUB
#Chicago #West #Side#Photography #Rain https://t.co/9MizRD0j18
There's more than a silver lining to every cloud.		#Asé #Photography #Sky @ Kedzie–Homan station https://t.co/nHyS7g2kmB
Grateful to be alive. 		Asé		#selfie @ Ray Meyer Fitness and Recreation Center https://t.co/vtMtcqQe4c
#antiques #usa and #canada #AdaptiveReUse #Photography #urban #construction https://t.co/SgHCsYnxzs
#mammal #profile #Photography #zoo @ Lincoln Park Zoo https://t.co/7jXEUr6r2Z
#nature #Photography @ Lincoln Park Zoo https://t.co/AJwLof7hUM
#potatoes 	#Photography #food #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ HerzlElementarySchool https://t.co/w4AFTAqnUo
The #whirling streams of #fire 	///////\\\\\\\\\\\\/////////////\\\\\\\\	#art #oneLove… https://t.co/XYxFAG2dxb
#Chicago #Nature #Photography # https://t.co/e5l08nn8I8
#Chicago #Wild100s #urban #photography #oneLove #theManOfManyFaces #Mistadent @ Roseland, Chicago https://t.co/GJb5ughdVd
#DarthDent is #aggravated 	Whattup #Outkast #Andre3000 #BigBoi #CeeLo… https://t.co/iLrk8Js0Ny
#DarthDent 	#sith #apprentice #lmao @ Def Star https://t.co/Pw9bUSoDyd
#singing #aaliyah #rip https://t.co/QTHepygtK5
#beauty beyond the confines of the #imagination #nature #color #life #love #art… https://t.co/hQJ9LzM3jB
Re-listened to two albums today. #ColoringBook by @chancetherapper and #DAMN by @kendricklamar #Bravo
What up #Miami #Plies #RickRoss #Gunplay #TrickDaddy #Trina #
To #BryanMcCane aka @ThisIsBizzyBone, you are forgiven :)
Hey #ElChapo. Play fair, or listen to some @KingL :)
To the Honorable Minister @LouisFarrakhan. I'd like to meet you one day. :)
Whattup #Haiti #WestIndies #Jamaica #Xruids #Druids
#GyeNyame
Be safe #Africa #Atlanta #SouthSide of #Chicago. You're in good hands. - The Shaman :)
Hey @gucci10I7, you should do a track with @E40 if you haven't already. Sincerely - #TheShaman :)
#China, #USA #Russia #Japan #Brazil #Mexico #Australia #Universe #Ubuntu #Asé #GyeNyame
#Ubuntu is the African proverb for "I am because we are" #GyeNyame #Asé
If anybody is feeling like they're not themselves, just say the word #Ubuntu… https://t.co/7LyFHqRGSL
Feeling like you're not yourself lately? Feeling a little depressed. Say the word #Ubuntu and seek help - #Asé
Thank you @LupeFiasco for #DrogasLight
My atomic structure is composed of a series of 3 3rd eyes		Asé #GyeNyame
I am but the tiniest grain in the microverse #asé
My boss is #God. #GyeNyame
I'm the boss of the #multipleVerse otherwise known as the #macroverse #asé
Doubt is merely a shard of glass in your foot when you walk with God. #GyeNyame
#Confession. I'm a walking singularity #onGod #GyeNyame
Hello @Oprah #Oprah. Hello @gucci1017 #GucciMane #Respect #Love #Peace #India #Russia @VicenteFoxQue #Mexico #China #Europe #USA #GyeNyame
Imma make the hardest song ever. Video is gonna be me surrounded by butterflies, rocking a blazer jacket over a smedium T-Shirt #iJokeiKid
https://t.co/mrTcKAsvYo #Boomiverse #BigBoi #Listen
https://t.co/sJ92rwdjp3 - what if there was no #Negus only #MasterTeachers @fatbellybella #ErykahBadu #GodBlessYou :) 	/\	#Humbly #TheShaman
#MentalHealthFacilities and #Prisons need access to the #Internet 	#Peace #Love #Respect - #TheShaman
Whattup #KanyeWest #GyeNyame
#Monday #Morning should be reserved for #meditation 		#peace #Love #respect #theShaman… https://t.co/Cepf6lcgIb
The man @S_C_ dropped a classic. #444
#GyeNyame
There isn't a single person on this earth that's ugly. Sometimes our attitudes can be though. #Love
#health #first #healthy #food #exercise #study #meditation #prayer #intentionBuilding #harvest… https://t.co/N82jHTslRg
Style is a virtue. #OnGod #GyeNyame
Every single person on this planet should have access to the basic needs, food, water, shelter, clothing, energy, diversion, travel, and ART
Every single person on this planet should be able to freely walk through any street, ANYWHERE, with no fear of violence. #OnGod #GyeNyame
They probably got mad advanced healing technology, holding it back like "Nah, these mufuuhhhs is crazy! I'll wait til yall figure that out!"
I'm pretty sure Aliens like Movies, Music, etc.....You know damn well they like Snoop. Everybody like Snoop or some Bob Marley.
What if most of the Galaxy was peaceful, and they took at the media our planet produces? What would they think?
I feel like an alien civilization has been watching us for years. They're here to help but they're scared of what we may do to them.
I'm ambiguous in many ways, that's why I'm a #Medium. 10/04/1980. My numerology number is 5.
I have this hunch that Jesus's father was Black. It would explain a lot.
Reverse racism could be a real thing in the future if we don't control #Wrath. Dr. King wasn't just fighting for equality, he was warning us
Unless a person were to f**k with me. In that case I'm not harmless. #World #Peace
Don't get me wrong. I'm still an arrogant prick, but in a #harmless way. :)
Probably would have been an arrogant prick if I had learned of my power earlier #ThankYouGod for making me the geekiest, corniest dude ever!
Diss the name of #MaryMagdalene but nobody can account for what #Jesus did til age #33 travelin around the world spreadin the #gospel right?
To my big #Uncle #MrCarter @S_C_ #JayZ #Hov #thankYou for everything #GodBless 		#OffTheTop… https://t.co/MUxiVsLAgw
Thank you @Drake and @kendricklamar for holding it down. Muchas Gracias to @fatbellybella for providing the ambience. #WithHonor #Love
Lets continue the path of #NikolasTesla and #MakeEnergyFree
#CookingWithDent 		#Probiotic #Nachos 		Tortilla Chips (The Americas)	Manchego Cheese… https://t.co/U7sGXIcqa7
A light beam just extended from the plasma center of the earth to the far reaches of the… https://t.co/w5NO31qcOb
#Message to #Drake #6God and the #World #Banks Lets even the playing field.… https://t.co/qvshnZgCSz
#Underground #Musician #Busker #Live #Music #Urban #Life #City #Scenes #Subway #Transit #Chicago… https://t.co/r7V34CdcjP
#Focus #Determination	#Warrior #SelfPortrait https://t.co/Lz5lI4XNiK
#Transportation #Volcano 	#Photography #weird https://t.co/MPfU77hXrN
"Your behavior or demeanor is making me uncomfortable" not "You're making me uncomfortable" as if one's existence causes discomfort #clarity
Dear @FBI, please read the new rules involving #Criminal #Justice via my Facebook. Find me @ Segun Dent #ThankYou :)
#chicago #architecture #juxtaposition #modern #classic #neighborhood #Photography @ Ukrainian… https://t.co/dhOAnRuVGp
#Photography #color #line #value #space #form #texture #shape #chicago #urban #life #love… https://t.co/uJ4LUC6wlP
#HipHop #Revival #Lawndale #Mural #graffiti #color #urban #public #art @ North Lawndale, Chicago https://t.co/54MKp2wP5w
#public #art #lawndale #chicago #beauty #color #brick #urban #Photography https://t.co/0ShK4FKV9a