Check out the comic CABEBUBU!!  https://t.co/GK6AHhqbHq via @tapas_app
For a human to become a lich they must somehow put their soul into a magical box. Destroy the box, the lich dies. It's that easy. Just get past the magic seals and warlock abilities.
Sorry for the extended absence. There was a Lich problem in Canada with my name on it.
A vampirewerewolfhydrachimeraghost is exactly what it sounds like. A giant pile of scary and hungry. Thank god there's only one. Whoever created it better watch out. It's already killed twenty-four slayers and we don't intend on letting it roam much longer.
It is no doubt that the government meddle in genetics, leading to the release of hybrid spirits, malevolent entities, mutants and whatnots out into the world. Slayers clean all that up. But I don't do 'vampirewerewolfhydrachimeraghosts'. I draw the line at those.
Fought a zombie today. It was wandering the hills outside this cemetery in Tennessee. It was a lone walker, probably left over from some horde that was cut down. Never can tell what it is that brings the dead out of the ground. Chemicals or magic. Magically risen dead are worse.
I have other slayer friends, and pen pals from across the treacherous sea. They talk of jackals and djinn in Egypt, and vile alchemists in Germany. There aren't many vampires in Romania, as you would imagine. Japan has a major ghost problem though. I blame the bombs.
I hold a special contempt for New Orleans. It's too hot, has too many bugs, too much humidity and too many swamps. There's also an unfair influx of voodoo practitioners, wraiths and revenants... but that's besides the point.
I believe in supernatural weapons. For instance, I believe that if a weapon, like a scythe, bathes in the blood of a specific breed of monster, like vampires, then that weapon might become akin to killing them, weakening them, slaying them.
The reason ghosts stick around are usually dumb. Like looking after family or desiring to see the world change. They're lustful and selfish. Ghosts don't blame themselves for anything and choose not to pass on. Eventually it becomes too late, so they just complain some more.
I don't like ghosts. All they are are varying degrees of annoying. They sit around, complaining about not being alive and picking on those who can't see them. They are spiteful, depressing specters with nothing better to do than complain about how life dealt them a bad hand.
Jinn are the physical cousins of Djinn. They can hypnotize people and are a cross between vampires and warlocks. They hypnotize you while drinking your blood.
There are two types of Djinn. These are regular djinn and jinn. Djinn are spiritual entities. Spirits with a mortal form who hypnotize their victims and eat their spiritual energy. They can possess people, but also grant twisted wishes to those who sacrifice things to them.
Reality Benders come in all shapes and sizes, and are dangerous if their brain is damaged. They would turn all water on earth into cupcakes if their cranium was damaged enough. That's why they need to die before they have a chance to react. Don't ever leave a job half done.
Reality Benders, no matter how powerful, suffer from the universal law of being able to be killed so easily. They are usually killable by guns, knives or other simple things. Let's say you shoot one in the head, they might blip themselves out of existence if you're lucky.
Reality Benders are faeries, gods, lesser deities or sorcerers. Pretty much anything with supreme powers over matter. Hell, a simple human could probably even reach that state, given access to items or magic to transform them.
Reality Benders might be the scariest things in the world. In a second they could trap you in a little box, cut off in a dimension away from everything you knew. Kill them quick, before they know you're even after them. It's the only way.
Egyptian vampires are the only ones who become evil upon transformation. This strain is a carnivorous sickness. Vampires under this strain who do not feed regularly revert into an undead bat form. This is their true appearance, unlike the other two strains who only appear human.
Egyptian vampires are the only ones who are weakened by holy imagery. This strain suffers all the downfalls of the undead. They need more blood, have no reflection, cower at garlic. Pierce their heart with anything. That'll kill them.
A person who becomes an Aztec vampire isn't automatically evil. Those who become a member of this strain sometimes choose to live off animals and control their thirst. This strain is the middle ground between the two polar opposite breeds.
Aztec vampires can't go in the sun, they can become mist, have a reflection and regenerate quickly. They don't require as much blood to live, unlike how the Sumerians who don't require any sustenance. Shoot them in the head, stab them in the heart, they die just like people do.
Sumerian vampires are the prototype vampires of the undead world. There aren't very many of them. They are an old breed with no evil thoughts clouding their mind. In my opinion, they are reminiscent of a race which ruled this planet before modern humans.
Sumerian vampires are just like people, except for the fact that they have all the perks of being a vampire, but with none of the downfalls. All you can do is cut them into a million pieces and burn every bit. Good luck with that.
Vampires are stronger than people think. There are three kinds. Sumerian, Aztec and Egyptian kinds. These are the three strands of the blood type, tribe or breed. Their abilities and weaknesses also vary based on their blood strains.
The Goatman appeared to me only twice before we had fought. The third time I rushed him with a machete. I didn't know if he had any other powers. I killed him quick, and that was that.
I guess the Goatman was some kind of demon. As far as I knew he could teleport to any bridge in the world, and at any time. Like a weaker deity or something like that.
There were ghost hunters a while back. They went looking for the Goatman who manifests on bridges at night. They'll never find him. I beheaded the thing and threw its head into the Manasquan Reservoir.
"To bring light to darkness, to bring truth to lies. We are the slayers of evil, we are the champions of night."
"Ut producat tenebris ad lucem, ut producat verum est mendacium. Nos caedentibus daret de malo: si autem in pugiles de nocte."
I can only hope that any monsters out there find this account and know that I exist. That we exist. We are the executioners of the harbingers of pain and suffering. We will not rest until every creature of the night is purged from the earth. This is the slayer's vow.
Since then I've taken to traveling. I've met about three more slayers. One of them being a vampire killer. The other, particular to zombies, draugrs, revenants, ghouls and those kinds of things. I hold no favoritism over a single monster race. I track and kill them all equally.
I let the chase go after that. Any pack that bloodthirsty was bound to be found by a group of slayers soon enough. From there I remained close to Union County for the remainder of 2011. I kept my ears out, listening for anything that might have called for my new talents.
I went for a walk to cool down and Jack headed to the memorial. The police found his body the next day. I even snuck over to the morgue to identify him for myself. I spent the rest of that March picking off the wolves, narrowing the pack down to eight before they fled north.
Me and Jack had a huge argument the night he died. He wanted to go take down a pack of twenty-four wolves, overseeing in Soldiers Memorial Park. I told him we should wait and pick them off in small intervals, but Jack was all about the rush.
Jack eventually found the pack and killed them all, gaining a thirst for the blood of werewolves. To him, they were the worst of the worst. Jack's only weakness was his inability to realize when too much was too much. In March of 2011, Jack went out on a slaying by himself.
Jack told me how a pack of werewolves killed his folks when he was young, over in Missouri. Jack traveled after that, at the age of fourteen. He picked up lessons from other slayers, eventually establishing himself in Summit and its surrounding towns. That was how he found me.
By 2011 I was out on my own, following everything Jack had taught me. He called our kind Slayers. People who kill monsters for sport or the greater good. We were a breed of protectors, meant to go unseen, just like the horrors we challenged. It was the only life Jack ever knew.
Jack lived in this bunker, but don't ask me where. That still one of my bases of operation. It isn't very big and puts me back to living in a one-room abode, but it's better than nothing. I've since changed it after Jack died.
Jack's specialty was werewolves. He knew every which way to take them down. There were even times he was able to single-handedly take down whole packs of twelve. Not that we ran into many packs. Maybe two that whole year. The rest were lone wolves.
Looking back, Jack was a cool customer. He never bullshitted himself and didn't take crap from anyone. When it came to killing monsters, it was all Jack wanted to do. He taught me a great deal in the one year that I knew him. I wish our friendship could have lasted longer.
I eventually left Morristown, and headed over to Summit, New Jersey. In Union County. That was where Jack found me. Jack Dempsey had been a monster hunter for years. This was back in 2010. He was twenty-two and I was twenty-four. We didn't click so easily.
After all that I lied low for a while, in Morristown. I was homeless, but got by on stealing and begging for food. I slept in churches. About the only place most of the nightly beasties couldn't get to you. I was lost, but all that changed the day I met Jack Dempsey.
All I had to show for it afterward was a gash on my hand, cuts from the window I jumped out of as the fire engulfed my home and the memory of the first monster I had ever faced. They found the witch queen's body that morning, so I heard.
She had the door blocked, and by my bed was a pile of pagan ritual items I had collected up. I remembered one of the ways to kill a witch and proceeded off memory. I covered the horn of a goat in a virgin's blood. My blood. I then ran for the hag and plunged it into her heart.
We struggled for a bit as Baba Yaga regained some of her magical power. She set fire to the right-most corner of my home. In moments the whole place went up in smoke. Seeing an opportunity in all the chaos, I made a last-ditch effort.
The second time I encountered Baba Yaga was back at my house. I lived out of a one-room garage on a tiny lot, two houses down from the witch in the culdesac. She caught me as I was frantically packing, trying to ditch town.
She got back up again, but by that time I had darted towards the back exit. The presence of her black goat assured me she knew that I had been following her for weeks. Learning her schedule and weaknesses, the night ended up botched. Now she knew I was gunning for her.
When she caught me in her home, she didn't have the power to just blow me up. Her magic was low. The best she could do was telepathically throw me around the room. Out of my six bullets, I was only able to shoot her three times. Thank god witches are only human.
The symbol of the heart on a black tree would overtake the witch's lifeforce and stop her heart once the iron nail was shoved into it. This only made the Baba Yaga weaker. I did this a week before confronting her. I saw her flick her fingers, making people combust into flames.
It wasn't like I didn't do my research on the Baba Yaga. I remember hearing old tales from my father, and stories about how you could draw a heart, in chalk, on a blacked, rotted oak tree. All you'd need do was imagine the heart was the witch's and hammer an iron nail into it.
After two weeks, and six covered-up deaths, I finally grew the courage to kill the witch. I snuck into her house while she was away at the market, and when she came home I shot her with silver bullets. She was a supernatural entity. I figured they'd work. I was wrong.
My first kill, the Baba Yaga, was a sheer struggle. She hexed my friends, even sent people after me, to kill me! Everywhere I went I remembered seeing her black goat. It was her familiar and it trailed me, even in my nightmares.
I remember my first case. It was a witch. Well, the Queen of the Witches. Baba Yaga. She turned out to be the little old lady who lived down the street from me in Morristown, New Jersey. My father always told me to watch out for her, and to beware the witches in Morristown.
I was never really sure about bringing my exploits to the web. To be honest, I'm positive there wouldn't be many of you out there who'd believe me. But for those of you who've seen what I've seen, who've known horror, you know there are evils in this world that are all too real.
Hello Everyone! I am the not-so-renowned American monster slayer, George Sanderson. Be it zombies, vampires, werewolves, witches, doppelgangers, shapeshifters, gorgons, ghosts, demons, ghouls, djinns, wendigos or changelings, there ain't no agent of darkness I can't take down!