Additionly by forcing them out the home of their wife/girlfriend by Gov' assistance" the women will have to make hard decision whether to keep the assistance from the Gov't or put their life partner out for having been barred from the white social of employment and their children
When I am done correcting it. I want someone to review it to publish it. I will received 70 % of that income if they don't mind. I thought it was a high school class work to be honestly frank. "admitting that too man father's are absent from due to the government forcing them too
Who wrote the New Jim Crow book by Michelle Alexander? I have to do alot of correction and not even her teacher. I have to take lot of her writing out and recorrect them myself. Some are false statement,  false accusations and etc. I could have wrote a better book.
"If we have shown love, care, compassion and concern across racial line during the Civil Rights Movement and before CRM than be blind to the truth of whom we are mass incarceration would not be in exist today as we speak" how can you forced criminalization to some and not others?
I've been politicking since I came out my mama wound by the type of milk I like, the food I ate &amp; the clothes I wear. As an adult I consider myself to be quite politely involve in politic(s) and taught to be politese with my words, thoughts, actions &amp; by others experience &amp; mines
@tariqnasheed @YahooSports Good marriage and faithfulness. Wealthy men often cheat on their wives due to their status quo (playa). Whom often too abused them in other ways beside physical and their children
@tariqnasheed @YahooSports #firstThem not too long ago white women didn't have right as white men.They used black women experienced and theirs to pass white women law to protect themselves from their husband whom consider them an object or a property. Who are the misogamy? I not. I still believe in good
@tariqnasheed @BoundingComics Counter white opponents disagreeing with him to be something he not which is teach the black youth nothing. These children need to have black hero's as well as white whom come from black heros. Thank you
@tariqnasheed @BoundingComics Wait 1 damn minute. Misogyny is hatred of women. I don't see Mr. Crew a misogynist What I see is a black men wanting to make a change in the black youth today as other successful black men. Mr. Crew have several children &amp; married, I can definitely see an odd with his counter
France and U.S. Jordan, Turkey, Egypt, Indonesia and Pakistan. There are so many others countries due to the lack of unemployment, lack of resources, education, with a corrupt government that are forced to do wrong in order to be on the position they are. Women have rights as men
60- 90 % of white Muslim were inordinately, unreasonably enthusiastic. These men does not respect women. They think women are their property to do what they please even the one that are not married. Here some of the countries who used women as slave Great Britain, Germany, Spain
To see the clerk again. At the court house on 2nd fl
12:42 was midnight am. They changed time. What else can they change?
Islam? The religion of the Muslims, which maintain there were 1 God, Allah and Mohammed is his prohet. As Christianity it's Jesus as his prophet. Islam is practice by vast majority in middle east and southern countries. Such as Soutern Iraq, S Lebanon, Iran, Bahrain, Nigeria
Us. There was reoccurring "genocide" in Bosnia, Haiti (Hispaniola), India, Italy, Hungry, Puerto Rico, Turkey, Egypt, Israel, Rawnda, Darfur, Sudan and etc. Because of the extermination do you think it  was partly or wholely because of religion such Catholic church and orthodox?
Past on on another life. What is the USA pledges really about? They criminalize us just for being different or the new black to say because we the football player/artists took a knees they will put us back to work or get lesser contracts for breaking our temple that God have
They have Nazify the State/country that are poor by colorlism. They believe it was the greater crimes against humanity in history. I said "what about the war against State/country" is that too a crime for us to think about before we pick or choose a side. How many men/women have
Why does the Government still used systemic Genocide to exterminate of religious groups and ethics in a whole or in part such as individuals by state/country? The Nazi Germany exterminated 6 billions and others not accounted for as black Jews, homosexual, Roma and communist?
I like in a neighborhood full of German whom doesn't do anything to follow (ed) my every move. They're camera everywhere in every state/countries by breeding and telling their only children their history and some not as I didn't know my history of mine ancestors in Germany.
I woke up with small ants on my night stand in my red cup of homemade Orange juice. I woke at 2am NO ants. Again at 5:45am alot of small ants. I clean it and went down stair more ants. Where is the ants coming from? Do they want quarrel in the home as yesterday. GERMAN NEIGHBORS https://t.co/CGX0gkuwgp
Rebuke than a hidden love, life &amp; live. Wounds from a close friend, family can be trusted, an enemy multiplies kisses to kill you slowly you will know by their actions for they will not make you angry to toys with your family/feelings. Deep down you know their true intentions &amp; U
Action will exposed/shown for they really are. His Army/Assembly. A lying tongue hates those it hurt so they avoid you/me not to be seen. A flattering mouth is better to think it not them, "it you". Let another praise you got your goodness and not badness to all. Better is open
A malicious men disguises himselves with his lips by speaking good words. In his true heart he bring deceit. Charming is the keys to take your heart, do not believe him for 7 sins will fill his/her heart for Greed. His malice will concealed his deception with his wickedness by
@washingtonpost As opposed to the President. Whom they send out to be the bad guy for majority while good for only true Caucasian like our 2 previous President Bush and Obama.
@washingtonpost The health new bill is a fraud for many Americans that thought it will help them. It actually not the bill (The Obama care/affordable act care) itself. It's the people behind the health care and the housing crisis and loan.VP families has been quite quite about their Family life
Child. Do not exploit the poor because they are POOR and do not crush the needy in the court for God will take case and will plunder those who plunder them. Do you see a men/women skilled in their works? They will WORK before the Kings/President or Queens/ 1st lady Proverbs 22
Pay attention and listen to the words of the wise (your ancestors, you children) put to the heart of what you've learned as a child and as an adult. Did you feel good inside of the words you have said and your actions? Was it evil intention? God speak through you as well your
There is only one Heaven above and one true earth. That is why majority of bad spirit stay on earth to see their families suffer for what they have done to their people and other by group or individually. Some wish they have done differently by communicating w/ family to do diff
Food or pay for school? That is why they have Alot of child/sex trafficking to continue to be rich. As God would say "what you are doing, you won't want others to do that to you" that is the reason why some are fallen Angel for the 7 sins in the bible. All religions are different
Those that are manufacturing the good have no wages while the rich state/countries continue to make $billions/yr living lavishly and richly while those can't purchase a book for their child or clothes to put on.Let not talk about food to feed them. Some have to make hard decision
What is the New International Economic Order (NIECO) and the central terms to the new trade deal that majority of rich state/countries desperately want commodities that manufactured good for no wages. Is it legal in the State/countries and illegal in others. What is the reason?
What is the difference between the old JIM CROW to the Modern day New Jim Crow? My families around the world IT IS STILL THE SAME THING JUST A DIFFERENT METHOD AND STRATEGIES. I am quite young with alot of knowledge of pain for my people currently on earth and the ones past on.
Dirty directly. False promoting South to South trade/building for the North not to help directly or not be involved when the we're dieing in a group with ebola and other disease. It is quite frank to have a wooing relationship with another China/Africa. What the reason my family?
During the time president Obama was in office there was alot of China deals against or for Africa. It based on the Caucasian interpretation due to the lack of resources for the African people. That has been the United kingdom strategy for a very long time not to get their hands
More children/adults no works which will hander the state or countries to the lack of land, technology, soil, water, seeds, tool, food &amp; EDUCATION. Poor State /countries have no advantage in the economic sectors in the world markets because they have nothing to offers the others
WTO (World Trade Organization) works against majority of poor countries/ State which enhances the unprotection of infant (babies)  industries in order to continue to have no Economic development. If a parent have more children than what can afford they will be more suffering
What is the economy like in Egypt today? Is the unemployment still high today or has it been decrease or increase? What  (IMF) The International Monetary Fund and the world Bank economic plans reform for the Egyptian after all The President open the gate for the Jews to migrate.
@tariqnasheed @YahooNews That is why they consider us disposable because they breed us like Animal in a farms in the state and around the world
@GOP @SenJoniErnst For all students although when I called regarding my students loan I was told I couldn't due to me my not in my teaching profession or a doctor. Can I please get a ratio of the debts forgiveness by state, country and countries? The  IMF conditionality is it fair in all countries?
@GOP @SenJoniErnst From my understanding NGO decided on debts forgiveness for the poorest country which most of it was in South Africa. Who was  the 37 countries debts was eliminated by the World Bank &amp; IMF during president Bush rein? The previous President Obama had housing and loan forgiveness
I've asked my brother to purchase EGGS FOR THE LAST 2 WKS. HE HAS SAID "NO" TODAY HE BROUGHT SOME. AS I CAN SEE MY STOMACH IS PRETTY BIG AGAIN. HOW MANY EGGS EMBRYONIC SAC ARE THEY GOING TO FISH OUT? https://t.co/3kaUF16Ekk
@tariqnasheed My niece eats food once in a while. I notice it between the season. One fall season is big and the spring she's small. As me when I was in high school
@tariqnasheed That is completely true. I understand why they are arresting these children and killing them. They have breed hundreds  millions without the parents knowledge or consent. How many women have felt the symptoms of pregnancy just to go to the doctors to tell you you're pregnant!
What trend have you noticed so far in my family units? Why have they been forced to divide from their families so Master could come in and do what he pleases even when Mom's in the home?
They the official and others transport the embryonic sacs just like another body Organs
These haitian are so busy fighting one another while other countries want to come in and take over. I often wonder why they kept asking me if there military in Haiti or Dominican Republic. I said "I don't know" "I am an British American" I don't know about you!
Be careful of those that knows more than you because they set the whole thing up. Be careful  of those that teach you nothing but to work for them. Be careful of those that show you one face and another face with another. BE CAREFUL OF YOUR FAMILIES AS WELL. THE HAVE AND HAVE NOT
@tariqnasheed Or when they are extremely big carrying 3 sets of twins just for them to get one child out of the 6
How do they created Chaos in the home? Is it the same way in making or creating chaos in the home? Fighting over rent, oil, gas, food, watwr, children, business and trade deal that they treat and mistreat in order to divide a family unit. Is it the same method in the home &amp; state
Before of those that give you little and second because their children's are always first. Before of those that always say little to you but have a mouthful for others. That what LOVE is not
Be careful those that over give (you) or over take they just buttering you up for their evil dirty deeds deals. Those that purchase lunch on the house with mama or papa money because they're working for papa. These days they're working for all of the above including wife/husband
They taught us sharing is caring except when we share they don't care. They only care when we share. If you don't know just sit above,  observe them and offers a drink if they return that favor that mean they care. If they don't that mean they only fake  care when you sharing
The Caucasian want us minority to share so they can continue to kill us one by one or by group. We can not afford to share any longer. That what we have been doing since segregation, I haven't seen anything changed but a different method to control us. Alot of light skin Asian
Are they deciding to go to War with Haiti? because alot of Military official asked me repeatly if Haitian have military in their country
What is the difference between a Caucasian or a black minority? Except they used the black minority against one another to continue to do their dirty work such as kill, shoot or imprison them to continue to sexually, physically, emotionally and spiritually abused them/ others.
My final question is "is R E S P E C T EARNED OR GIVEN FREELY" they taught black minority to give the Caucasian respect without earning it. And I said :what about me/us?" If we have to earned their respect, why can they earn our Respect" after all the Caucasian came from "US" Blk
Have lose their life in the State not by black people because they too know there history. They Chinese / Asia doesn't own anything but a sit on their table as the blacks minority. I dream of them repeatedly sending me messages that they want to go to war with China.
@chrislhayes Watch 47 Ronin. Great movie don't forget it was the black people land still today
I do understand two wrong don't make it right. - + -= -  but how much forgiven can we continue to give them when they continue to belitter us and mistreat us all type of way in order for the people that had sacrifice  themselves for their children to have a slice of bread or read
Then did what she taught me/ us to do. Is walk around in fart in people faces. While there were alot of tourists in the 2nd floor to get information. She did apologize. Although she did that on purpose. She is the type that will cozen in order to be where they at. Such disrespect
I paid for a gallon of gas to cal how much gas will they give me. The white kids went inside the store to tell the owner an cashier to give me less than 1/2 of gallon. They make sure there were several people there to watch me after I left the Judicial center of Pinellas county https://t.co/jLQ6fNMfCY
She then got defensive that I said something about not being able to smell although I can tell she did that on purpose. She put a spell on me and my son to fart around. We were never lactose intolerant. We don't drink any dairy. So why am I go gassy? Because of her behavior I
I didn't have a chance to be seen again after I waited close to 2 hr of waiting cause I couldn't stand that long on my feet w/heels. A Co workers make sure to fart in my face while I was sitting on the bench that has camera on the 2nd floor. I said something to her regarding that
Who are this number calling me. When I called it back there ni answer. It goes straight to voice mail. I make a call there no dail tone or ring tone then it will show cancel. I can't leave a voice mail either https://t.co/WAsvvCjCTw
What is microcredit or microlending in low economic country? What the the repayment rate? It like pay day loan that I used to (get) borrow to pay my bill while the rate was extremely high each time. That is the reason why I stop with pay day loan or small loan for high Rates
In poor country. Why is China still an Authoritarian country? Does it still run by the British? Who exploited the plant in China for those poor worker? Where is the Chinese Democracy,  Liberty and justice for all. INNOCENT before proven Guilty
What is the "Fertilized embryo plant" is it legal to inplant  human being base on free labor or capital for profit without the person knowledge. How long has it been and what was the deal? What is the fertility rate? . I do understand their is Is large profit of free labor
India had a 10 yr Avg annaul growth rate exceeded over 10% as oppose to China whom has 30 yr  experience of successes.  The Chinese law/ constitution is different from those 2 country and American. The professional come here in the State with nothing to provide to their family!
The Chinese population is larger than India, Pakistan, Iran, Burma, Thailand, Cambodia. They usually go after the small low economic country that can't defend themselves from War due to the technology that they has and Nuclear power
Once with allied w/  Germany did we become who they are subconsciously?Yes we did,  we didn't realized it at that time become we were weak at War which make us make deals when we were desperate, lack of time and under pressure. They are always in directly! They pass hand to hands
Is the British (white)  official still run China as well as south Asia and North Asia (black people). North have 2-3 % of annual growth as oppose to South (light skin people)  with 5-6 percent it a majority of population  in the global continent
Why do we have Trade deal in the poor/ low economic  country? Are they going to our country to seal natural resources such as Iron, coal, diamond, copper, sand and steel? Why do they low economic still struggling for their independent of LIBERTY?
Where is the Democracy for the low economic country? Why is one country that was once rich together are divided into two  in order to decrease their economy and natural resources in order to go to war?  We all the the British Run American that is why I am British American
Why is there a big gap between North Asian and South Asia and China? Why did the GDP decreases in Latin America, Africa, and the Middle East whom are extremely dark pigment people? Are they working for free like in the 1700's? Who are the Allied for these countries?
Who is MNC's? Did why MNC foreign investment growth increase dramatically in the early 2000 from $250 B to 4.4 trillion by  2009 when president Bush was in office? What was President Bush trade deals, alliance and war country that we did not know about? What in the middle East?
I don't care if you a family member OR not what right is right and WHAT'S WRONG IS WRONG!!!!
They ruined my GB heels so they could only have wormed it and shopping in my closet
Who is stealing my gas again. Who is my family whom have attended to kill me multiple time? https://t.co/5DFPrbxjEa
Don't forget they used to breed us and still today to send us around the world to not know our families members, so you not know who me are. They also used to switch us at birth; your family members might be the one they send you kill or destroy physically and spiritually
Spiritual and forcing dark skin family as well whom doesn't know we are family by them lie to them or forcing  by threatened them to go to prison or less jail time. I am still injured who the doctors didn't treat still today since April 22, 2018 after an local police assaulted me
They still have taken over my email accounts/ my social media except twitter, they blocked out going and in coming calls. They have stolen my social security card hopefully they didn't file for my tax return. I keep dreaming they are some German family member who are working on
@PinellasCoNews I have file a motion for community service due to the lack of income since January of 2019. I spoke with the Judge on my court day explaining to her I am unemploye. I still have gotten an answer yet and my fees are due on the 8 of March
Still today I am being followed by all type of people. It is ridiculous just like this women and men on the road following me https://t.co/kSn85JFbfe
Is it just me or do I see 2 different people in/on my face like snapchat? Taken today from the judicial center of Pinellas county https://t.co/hWQ3AIlsR8
Is it really the gangster rap that has these blk men and women behaving like that? Black manstrels character are largely view as celebrities cause it's the only things that is paying more &amp; getting more view by white audience as well as Gangster Rap for the white women and men.
Pay attention to yourself, body and thoughts. Before and after how you feel. Is it your feeling or someone else's? Only you know your true feeling and your lil ones  not others that doesn't know you as a family. Even true family know your feelings  at the end of the day it's you!
As we all know "Drug" doesn't bring happiness or slove the problem. It just delay the problem for it to accumulate (add) till the point you tipping (falling)  over. Take some time off to reelevate yourself as a person &amp; your family. You can't be everybody super hero but yours 1st
You may not show your love physical but they know spiritually. That is why they able to forced you to something you are not proud of or can't refuses. Start doing things that you were once enjoy that makes you happy inside. No more drug unless it's legal, if it is just a Lil bit
They always say one day "she will know" which me, in my death bed. What they hates in me they will see in their children's generation to comes
Since when did J Crow had a "gay pride"? Do they realized they themselves are who they say they are not by forcing other to be who they wish they wasn't just to feel a Lil better about self. My sky blue car that got rid off "Sonata" she  worked in that car before the accident
I did not edit my video or modify it 	I figured it out https://t.co/Lz2a0EzKO3
I used to love Math at one point till I realized they were reteaching me everything I've learned up North. Please correct me if I am wrong. Total of $5.00	How much gas should I have gotten as we know they edit and modify the gas numbers such as price and total gas https://t.co/anWcmDdAfx
Is spice / artificial Marijuana still legal in the State? If not who or what agency are able to obtain it? It's the lil thing such as losing a house key or car key that has husband &amp; wife, brother &amp; sister, mother &amp; daughter, father and son fight while someone else took it 2 hide
Who or what created Spice/artificial Marijuana to have us fight like Animal in the Un- ited State of American and for what reason? Was it just a test to murder us another way 1 by one to say Gov't wasn't involve? How can the Gov-mental official protect us and kill us all at once?
Look what they did to my shirt and it was not from the washer machine. must be yellow tone turned into white tone people. People that hates who they are to hide behind who they wish and they are whom are not. I used to worked with these women and men that are doing works on us https://t.co/xiF4kFCeQ7
They ruined majority of my foot wear	To the point I could walk on my heel that how bad it hurts in the home for nursing https://t.co/xEIwEUzb9E
I thought this was a good doll I wrote all over it "Love" it's a bad doll like pink doll that I half wash the hair because I the soap disappeared. Where are these dolls come from? My niece have all types of doll. I know why now https://t.co/SWlH3HgIPc
Are they using my social security for them to work. Such as Macy's
To many death for rich and fames they did not know from others that have pretended they were family or wanted the best for them. Hollywood what is the story?		https://t.co/qRK6q90hhL
The people that has passed/ dead on their family will reap what they sow to be where they at so others won't kill/ed innocent to make billion/ trillion on them that's why  there is so many death/ sacrifice to reap of them from their hard work. We need to put it into law/bill.
I posted / twitted a video of the gas station I left to picked up my meds  by the tax collection / social services/ children and families and voting place on Ulmerton
https://t.co/YKarkJLmz8
my experiment for a "1 Gallon" of gas on Facebook with the 1gal  gas tank. She  give me less than 25% of a gallon of gasoline to my vehicle. That mean that people that purchasing gas are buying/ purchasing it at an extreme high price to continue to make trillion of dollar for ar https://t.co/LK416mQgbj
Ghost Rider. For every lies go back to them in full. There is a difference when you know the truth and when someone else's lies become true for not knowing and brain washing us all for not knowing who we are. Those that lie killed alot of innocent for the guilty. Find the Guilty!
I dreamed they picked me up and took me to a boat party in my sleep. Who/what women / Men is  behind this? I woke up like nothing has happened
How did my son fall off his bike when they say he got hit a car?
The grim reps are looking for the lair they are sending them to innocent people to keep their lies alive. Find the real one that have money hidden in their home, oversea and in the bank
Some just adopt to abuse these children and sell them. I've dream of it. By 18 yr they kick them out to pregnant them or continue to breed them with no guidance for tomorrow especially the rich or middle class soccer Mom &amp; pop.
How long am I going to be offline for, Off and on? who are these women that swear to continue to make millions off me. I spoke to my cousin girlfriend the VIBE was not good through the phone. Jamaica gurl https://t.co/0BCl27OQsV
@Gov Matt Bevin soccer Mom &amp; Pop  just adopt to make money off these women children due to othe Gov't factor that keeps them behind instead of moving forward. You right some biological aren't Mom at all and some are that is why Black Mom are tough on their children for tomorrow
Training, skill, experience and degree black should get paid the same amount as a Caucasian in the profession. After all we have the same degree or more to be able to make that income
Question is who have taught them what they have been doing as a child, adult and middle age till elderly. Do we still have the same law we did in 1901 to 2019. Thing have change we should change as well. I no longer about love it about Life and prosperity @ JPMorgan spc got them
Watching C-Span2 "It about Helping American". more than 70 % of American/resident/alien make less than $8 minimum wage due to the lack of knowledge and their color of their skin tone. The adult that had worked so hard to obtain a degree get Framed/ set up for their to make money
@Jamie Dimon JPMorgan I agree with some of your ideas and statement. I still believe we should devide in order for us to prosper in this New world. Middle class is shrinking because they want more people to  make less than they worth as they have done to me since I was 16yr.
@ Governor Bakers. Children and family system all I see is Hospice in the background and your left eyes that not yours. Foster care and adoption law has to be review and change with everyone of different background involves
To True Children's village pretty &amp;CEO.Who used to remove the children from the parents home to send to government system to continue to abuse them physical and sexually? How much does the Gov't families obtain from aids from these innocent childrens?who kick father out the home?
These father n mothers  taught their daughter how to act to get a black men that mean you too. Even give you a Lil one in order to kill you to get your money like me, since then we haven't talk. Trainer/ basketball. It was just the vibe. Are you guy getting Marry? @tariqnasheed
@GrahamLedger Nice smile
They stayed in these apartments for wks to come without going out so they won't be seen, they only go out at a night. Some make no noise at all. This is a generation operation. Still to do being touched/sexual abuse  in our dreams. They transport the babies city to city, state by
That embryonic sac that took out of me last night. That why when I wake up in the morning I don't feel pain from my injuries from April 22 2018. They give me pain meds everynight by injection
I just try to connect to the WIFI to make calls since my network is has not been working since I've paid my bill. It's going on for 1 yr now with Metro PCS service. How many other innocent people have they kept isolated in order to kill them especially the STARS IN HOLLYWOOD https://t.co/V3WomhUPLy
They used to get us all in nose bleed as a child especially me. I used to have nose bleed every month, I didn't know why. They were signing our name in blood spiritually to be rich, famous and fame. Till I noticed my son nose is bleeding when my mom migrated to the State. https://t.co/ybX8FPQG0x
Is that mile in the home where the land lord Natasha refuses to fix the house whom steal life insurance , work on others like me and others by white famiky they have separated long ago. https://t.co/ZOD3X3RYdL
I had the courage to this a picture today because I was cleaning using the disposal sink and it seem like something was not draining till I investigate what was the cause. I put my hand down the sink and yanked it and use a plastic bag to get it out. I just realized what it was https://t.co/VPDZlbfv3Z
The doll look just like me	Unbread hair. I washed it (it was dreaded by itself like Caucasian dread)	Wash the hair	Nail us already painted 	Now she in tub 	I was not able to undress doll	Beautiful doll	Doll	I haven't play with dolls since I was a child with my cousin in NY city https://t.co/yFoBdHRFwX
To make me think it was my mom working on me all this time when it was someone else. They make you think it family closed by you when you don't that they know you to kill you to be Rich and famous or forced other family whom doesn't know it's family  but they do! https://t.co/MfFIFvv0Q6
That rock just appeared in my home like the other stuff they have to worked on us	 They used prisoners to do their dirty works as well. That why they are a high rate of rape and abuse in the jail,  prison especially here local and around the state. In the country "Life" movie https://t.co/uNWsDaDqdo
@marcorubio It so Ironic that all these illegal immigrants they send back to their country or in prison just happened to escape so other families can fight to come to the State illegally
Because they have used some of my family member by forced whom ever forced them too would get triple life in prison for EVERYTHING THEY HAVE DONE TO ME!!!!
Who are they really making money off from? Dark skin minority. At least I think. Follow the grant, funds, money https://t.co/upx0swtLHl
I used to have polka dots undewear when I was a child. I have the whole customs shirt and pant as an adult. Look at the scalp, if you feeling not yourself it's a reason. They will force only our family hands to do their dirty work in case they get caught so they can say it family https://t.co/odPlXZweQQ
@tariqnasheed It would be impossible for her to do so. Even when she is fighting for All. The Caucasian ONLY SEE SHE'S FIGHTING FOR BLACK MINORITY PEOPLE WHEN IT'S ALL. They don't like fairness and they cheats all the time to make billion and trillion of dollar off the back of Blk people.
All these leafs where are they going? 3 houses down to mine. Caucasian walk dog to feces everywhere without picking it up like they train us too. https://t.co/AzT9NNeyNW
I took the interstate today after walking on foot to see businesses if it was still up and running. There is a gun range title "Shooter = hooter" they stole my dream books. they are ready to shoot me so they can stay in hell to have a spiritual warfare. I dream if it.
They wake my son up at time to do their dirty works. Evil evil evil. If only I was awake I would have been in prison like the others for the pedophile ways to feel superior
He who mocks the poor shows contempt for the maker. Whoever gloats over disaster will not go unpunished by their family from generations to come. Children's children are a crown to the aged and parents are the pride of their children. Proverbs 17 by teaching them right from wrong
Proverbs 16. The God detests all the proud of heart. Be sure of this: they will go unpunished. The king/ President take pleasure in honest lips; they value a men/women who speaks the truth. How much better to get wisdom than Gold, to choose understanding rather than silver $4
They still have cousin against cousin. The Government don't tell them until their Job is over especially in the military. Majority of disable are pronuced dead to their family to experiment on them or avatar for free. It 2019. What the 100 yr plan +100. Like robot cop. Jeremiah49
My son has /had Gerber life insurance first.
I see why people in the Hood/project have no life insurance.  I used to have the car accident policy too until I called them They say I don't. They own me money for all this time of not paying me. American Income Insurance
My brother just said insurance guy is here. I said I'm busy he didn't call or send me a message. Tell him to call to schedule a meeting regarding my policy. I said it for my son in case I dead in old age "No wonder they want to kill you and take your son away" duh. I said OMG
To NY Government and 50 states they use social media such as Facebook to set us up, send our family messager when we in jail, make us sick, experiment on us without our knowledge if they oversea/ other countries. What are they going to do with Puerto Rico? I see their flag
@CBSEveningNews @CBSNews The "Find my parents" show was telling me but I didn't know they still were breeding them still today. I thought this was UNITED NATION of America USA. I thought parents were freely/willingly giving their children up to a better family whom was not abusing them sexually, physical
@ThePerezHilton How can a dog sniff cancer? I thought it was Marijuana only?
@CBSEveningNews @CBSNews What are they going to do with the babies that were breeded by parents whom/who they don't know who they are? Are they going to have brother against brother and sisters against sister for parents to choose which one they should kill in order to keep it them in Order?
That not my Tea pot. I used to have it my my mama and papa house in the cold city. Can you guess what state that was? https://t.co/j0UQ3xxrXT
Who are the Canadian 	What were the problem /issue before? https://t.co/hZ9ZVeKHUK
That pollution in the water sewer for the rain to drain  into the ocean https://t.co/PlVY5BpSdw
They are slowly going back to before 1960. We want BLACK MINORITY WALL STREET. ONLY US KNOW US AND ONLY THEM KNOW THEM.We weren't happy then we sure won't be happy now. We refuse to take 2nd hand. It's  2019 not 1880 or 1910. The Gov't  have enough money for us all in the USA!!
School voucher is bogus is racially motivated. How about they hire more black minority to teach these black minority children raise their wages as opposed to the white women that teach them -3+5= 8. That what they thought me in College of SPC. As good as I was in math.
I try to get a job in Macdill in tampa. I got Nothing back from them as a phobotomist &amp; others. I don't believe the chaos they created to get funding due to the moles they put . Straz theater charge are extremely high price for me working minimum wage. So I just read
It's only white Caucasian say they have mental issue after a mass shooting such as the theater shooting to pass new law to camera in the theater and have new regulations that they must follow to increase their prices. Black people don't go to movie theater anymore since then
Babies have rights. Women have rights. It's the women right. We refused to go back to the old days where "we the women have no rights of everything including our body" even it's a ball of cells it's the women right not religion, father or priest. Father/Dad can discuss it w/ mom!
Serbatini should get no pass due to his racist statement, pics, and his proudful way to the confederate statues. It not his fault as a child but as an adult he knows right from wrong like they would say to me or black minority people. Where we can't do no wrong but they all can!
There is no reason to harden the school YOU ALL ARE HARDEN THE STUDENTS not the school. The school itself is just a brick. Without the students how can you harden the school? Teacher should not be arms w/guns. Why standardized test that is racially keeping us black minority back
The new bill about 18 yr black minority not being able to purchase a gun is rediculous. They are able to join military but not be able to protect their home as we all know white Caucasian Mom &amp; Pop has many rifle and gun in their home to protect themselves fom black people
Regarding the Vermont, New York  Abortion bill is outrageous. You can not end someone else life. That I'd why the women have rights of their body not the Gov't. Which mean they can just breed the women after delivery they can say the baby dead which is a lie to sell the baby.
I am not Surprise the Congress woman Mrs. Harris smoke Marijuana after all statistic tells us Caucasian smoke more than black minority as all the presidents that has done worse. Statistics also tell me Marij  is beneficial to your body based on certain disorder or issues, disease
So many new law about Abortion but not experimenting,  breeding these children, teenager and adult against their will? I find it Ironic it's 2019 "we the people have right" it's not the early 1800's or early or late 1900's. It's 2019 as well as the Men
@realDonaldTrump @CNN Are they experimenting on them and implanted (pregnant)  them as I in the USA since I came to the State of New York City? What other countries? Imagine a world with the children they're  breeding with no Father or Mother would it be a good world by getting rid of the dark skin?
Are they going after all the people I listen to, read and watched? That's alot of white people including congressmen,  women, attorney, Judges, pilot, military, doctors and etc I know why katy perry was dancing like a monkey with the Migo performanced as the president of SGA
@realDonaldTrump @CNN I believe it because ISIS war was before you were a president. 2001 that almost 2 decade of war of death of innocent people. Why is there military soldiers in Haiti? I was wondering during my visit in Dec 2017
@tariqnasheed Majority are foreigner from another country or run away kids. Better yet they coming at night in your parents home to do them all in their sleep without them knowing which mean they have up graded their game due to technology to keep them sleep and unknown w/ no pay.
@JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump @JussieSmollett Long time ago it was ok  (the giver) to the receiver it was never ok till the point they have to do drugs and change who they are so they can live. They have these black boy/ men wearing dresses to call them girl to make a living while they called  the girl/  women boys so they
@JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump @JussieSmollett My thoughts on the Smollett case is why now and What's the true reason? Are we really homophobic if we disagree with the behavior they forced on us as a child, baby and as toddler so that they can pass it down to their own child to feel superior.
To give your families nothing or to give them the rest of a change from the dollar bills your family have left you. As young as I am I never thought they will try to kill me for insurance money that I worked so hard for to leave something for my son when I am Gone in heaven.
Because they (Jews/German) had brought us up that mean they can also bring us down . they've always  realized there is BIG MONEY IN SACRIFICING STARS as ourselves in Order to make billion +  such as taking over their companies, assets, lands, insurance, title and fans to give
Watching the news about R. Kelly. There will be sacrifice of black people in order to get the white people that forced them too. Smollett was scrufuce his empire career because of me because I love his music in the same time they want to kill Ray Charles the blind guy Piano
They used to put  drop in  to our eyes to  cloud our vision to the point they say we have no vision to see as well as deaf people. I dream of him as a child. FALL BACK OF MY PEOPLE. "LET MT PEOPLE GO" !!! I am Moses Jessica
How many others have they done that to? 	What about the eyes these congress official has that is one big eye and one small to let tou know it's not their eyes https://t.co/JhSwvvwwBM
That was yesterday calling my mother	I didn't have a chance to talk to her or my other family members. I called my brother several time this morning regarding my niece and just cancel with NO RING TONE https://t.co/afQGcezPXs
What is going on with T-MOBILE NETWORK. I am making calls this morning and said no service. It has been since December in my phones. Who take control of my network and phones?
The worst go I ever attended as an teenager 17 yr grad from another horrible school Largo High school https://t.co/oqWWFdcW5i
For a very long time he was my smile and still today not to lose myself as others has done.... https://t.co/lIU2tuUAfk
Black n white took my smile away as you can see. I used to wonder why one season I am big and the next I lose weight. At one time I was one weight. My breast was always down as if they were pumping  the milk out of me. I was in my early 20's.I stay 110 wt drinking Ensure https://t.co/ggjdRs4T0U
They fixed his teeth from mines to their liking https://t.co/bFAsfSa9N3
I never thought the sheet over his head that he will be taken by klanKK
I see why the call me a breeder 	I take a good look at this picture I said 	"My GOD Mine God" https://t.co/7dCXAehqrP
They are continuing to block my calls. I just called a few of family member and they is no ring tone. I called my mom for 45 minutes just for it to drop less than 2 mins of talking just to called back to say " No network"why am I making these payment for?That how we lose our LIFE
I never understood why they have a third hole. At Largo central park. I was wondering why? What toddler be that small to drink from a water fountain? And I don't see any midgets in this area https://t.co/l3Y1oMJUgP
No more second hand items. The GOVERNMENT HAS MORE THAN  ENOUGH MONEY FOR EVERY CITY, COUNTY AND STATE.  WE will handle our local taxes, state and federal. Same thing but separated. It will just be black city and white city. No offense at that so we all can Co exist with another
Still today no body would tell me what happened to my son when I thought the dad was just playing with me during the time they were hospitalized me back to back."fall down his bike"I didn't get any bill or any documentation of any procedures they have done at Largo Medical Center
They are playing Scrabble again	Correct 	. Add "Y" after e for they 	2. Remove the "i" add an O	3. remove "but" put an "at"	4. Lower part of the drawing there is zigzag at his upper chest 	5. He has no neck like the so called bike accident where they almost killed my son 2016
Since they are editing my camera for pic they I will tell you what they did to the drawing	1- the slice his right eyes with a curve such "J" 	2. A shirt slice on his right eyebrows 	3. Grass like under his right eyes started at the corner to his ear	4. Boogers but his left chest https://t.co/ZRFor6dECr
City by city in a county because there are at least 5-8 cities in a county
I remembered in Largo High School there was this one white lady always by the gate watching me play baseball. The car was alway there. I didn't know why 	https://t.co/3SksjzkmWX. I dream she didn't agree with the plans for the NASA children
In the middle of a large graveyard to do their spiritual work on the children, adult and elderly
I remembered when this church was sending stuff in the jail house for the felon during Christmas season not knowing they were breeding them. I shoked my head and said this "if they weren't being touched they wouldn't be there or if the have the same opportunity as whites
They get them (us) ready for themselves only to do their dirty work. I now know why my Lil cousin were saying I have a boyfriend when I knew I didn't when I was 11 or 13 yr old
In these train tracks at the park they got my family,  myself and millions of others or billions
Face down = ASSET up
I now understand why my sister Mrs. Nicki minaj say "Pick a side" black minority or white. Who are you? Black or white
Enough of sacrificing our family for a  countries that will do nothing for us but take us back to TIME OF THE NEW AND OLD JIM CROW IN SOME COUNTRIES, COUNTY OR STATE
They plant us https://t.co/4TjCroaKOQ
If we going to separate let's do it the right way like the BLACK MINORITY WALL STREET!!!!!!!## https://t.co/kcZHE9AIFz
I never see black people in this park except when tourist are here like myself and my family https://t.co/6iluHNVCtv
Children jumping in dirty water https://t.co/B76zrssr8h
Photography today https://t.co/7Ok3XGbzuA
What do you see? 	How do you feel? https://t.co/LuAMgjpw7j
https://t.co/3Bz1kIm8Z2
They stopping at the root https://t.co/uAMtEedWlp
For a second I thought they separated the school like the elementary school my niece goes to. largo middle school. 1 school for black and one school for white	I thought it was the evil/devil church of Jesus where they touched little black boy /girl and girls. https://t.co/O76wgcaVDb
I didn't relized we have NEW FLAG OF THE UN- NITED STATE OF AMERICA https://t.co/lzQljDaLlE
They takes 4- 8 yrs to build the US19 AND OVERPASS. I said "is this bridge ever going to be finish" "whose paying for this? Oh I forgot Black Minority" I see why I work everyday day go them to steal my mother till the point I can't put nothing of my own money on my table
I see nothing but NEW BUSINESS ESPN being build. I see why they say the Mexican  (the minority) build house and business in one day 24 hrs. What about the Caucasian?
School officials as well that followed us to Fl early time, late time and their children's or should I say mine children
Please investigate the people that was in military in the early 80',  late and the one that travel everywhere to follow my dark skin family. They might be ashamed of their family root.
They put soup in our clothes repeatedly, dirty, washed it and wet it 	The washer work when it Want to	They continue to put thing here and the backyard 	They changed my panty by same color and size and took all my new bar https://t.co/Wj23Eex5ov
We were always close 	Able to talk to one another 	Now it's nothing but fight and augment https://t.co/aEgCT64O3J
This fridge is forever leaking 	I don't know why	I clean the bottom of the fridge which they changed since the last clean up last yr 	This time it's slim and the temp of the water is warm not cool 	Till the point I have a runny nose or it yellow in the back of my throat https://t.co/hldJuggSUx
https://t.co/HqtycNyS17
They changed our shoes and they wear them	They take our wash clothes to use and bring different one 	They take toilet paper and bring back sometime 	They put blood on blues and pink 	I just notice the nursing home shower chair that came out of no where	My Goodness https://t.co/4HVsjPBczQ
My niece 	I don't know how many time https://t.co/hUmysAeMGb
My Godness https://t.co/QNCJwwbZMh
Here what happened to me yesterday https://t.co/t2CLADU8It
While seeping my niece room I notice an empty glass under her head and my glass from drinking last night on my stand  night https://t.co/TtoUfc62GX
My son once had a flat foot few months ago like his dad that when I realized they were discriminating against black minority. Pain in foot https://t.co/JKMuhhwCRf
3 days is up https://t.co/DIrJFa3aSe
They took our whole life for a game since where we were born and raised WITH EVERYTHING https://t.co/ntRtlhAEhH
Last day was after midnight because I woke up at @ 2:29am this morning and did not go to sleep. Stay up watching TV as a child I used to be https://t.co/sGuJ8u36O8
There always two strollers, one walking in front of me and the other behind me. 	I know!!! They people you less expect the elderly will do the most wrong https://t.co/GmMGuDn4CV
They ruined all my pictures to do their spiritual works on my family trees even sacrifice their own to ruined mine. Like this picture. He walk around with no shirt and nothing on his feet where they injuries him. They took my phone from me yesterday at 3:45p-7:68am inside my home https://t.co/ROrUpFyXmk
They have stared to breed her /as others 	She behaving just like at did as a child at 8 yr https://t.co/9a8ZUuWVGf
Foe what they have done to my family in the name of "MONEY" TO LIVE THE RICHES LIFE OF A FRAUD AND CON!!!! https://t.co/ctMwLuhjDP
I've been looking for my w2 from hospice. Still can't find it as you know we live with all type of people in the night and days when we not home.
I just step on a NAIL that punter the bottom of my left foot. Just like a sacrifice like Jesus Christ. Did he really sacrifice  himself for those evil people that just walk around and killed his innocent childrens?? After all they said it's an  abomination
I will let them pray on their death for their children time 9 if they come and continue  touch my family again in #118. They did every night. They will get on their knees for the first time https://t.co/TJNogkS159
Still no side walk for the walkers while they steal our licences away one by one by all profession!! https://t.co/j9GNB6FSAZ
They just so much they can do to a family to bring them down to ZERO! https://t.co/kPgJOGvgvK
As much as they love family. That mean evil spirite too to be someone. Look what they have done to my family the German_ Hitler https://t.co/xn9Z4rKgUe
I suggest you take FINGER PRINT AGAIN BECAUSE THEY BURNED THEIRS NIT TO BE IDENTIFY FOR BACKGROUND 3
They come to the home everynight!!. 2 door down they put pad outside their door and they took over my brother to act like them to cursed me out last night to day "he did it" !!
How did women know they were pregnant before pregnancy test??? My took long at it. They got in to my house again to drop one off!! Where is NASA? WHERE IS THE LAW ENFORCEMENT AFTER ALL HE (THEY) LIVE NEXT DOOR. I TOOK PIC!!
Friday my spoke to my cousin Carl about the symptoms that I was experiencing during the pregnancy. Today just now @ 1:25 pm on president day while my son is telling me repeatly "it's Sunday" to confuse me it's not Monday. I am bleeding again. Long before pregnancy test how
@ThePerezHilton Who are the Jews that took Hollywood by stealing truth /true stolen or born Identity?
@ThePerezHilton Where is the darken cream for us black people that they put on us when we sleeping or not looking like fried burned chicken?
Bourne Identity mean born again from the dead to steal Identity or comatose you in your home to steal Identity or kill to steal Identity
@ThePerezHilton Look whose talking. Let not forget where the whole bleach come from. Questions is whose idea was it? Did they used him as a muppet/puppet to pass new law if so whose involved?
Bourne Identity -  Stolen Identity  has been the new thing for more then 2 decade to my knowledge especially the dead!!
They is always someone in the attic and have a hidden room in the house. How else can they can move the way they did with out  no one seeing them. The switched children as well. Same avatar base on behavior with family members
Are they experimenting with the whole chicken now? Look at the chicken wings.. 	He (THEY) was a MILITARY OFFICER that a most took my life. WHY ARE THEY STILL COMING INTO MY HOME AT NIGHT?? https://t.co/x55zvTkZxY
That car accident that happened in December of 2017 where WINDHAVEN totaled my blue vehicle my son was injured. He was avatar and I not to know the extend of the  damaged. He never got examine even when I told them. That mean they hypnosis and avatar all of us to keep us on tract
What's the Avg number day before food get spoil in the fridgerator. For us it's 3-4 day to have us buy food to throw away to continue the cycle. Spending money to have nothing in our account or purse or wallet or bank these days
Just like the oil spill with their gas cards (snakes) for white only. Gas at that time was close to $5 a gallon. All that money with to the company on the beach and we all know who owned them
They have me (us) driving for no reason. One look they direct you what to do. Have me wasting gas for their stolen gas company https://t.co/3jmflu8Q5Q
If they have created the smartone card in Fl to receive child support. Why don't all we get a statement. Can also hide whom have been stealing my child support money to put in their card. How long has the judicial system of Tampa,FL has been doing that? I just left Publix to buy
Gas at pik and save $10	The needle was on red. I should have more than half $2.06 https://t.co/sdDq4EU5dO
2 set of twin no matter how much they out zone in my food to make me skinny like the white women when they get pregnant
How many spirite sexually has they put in me at night to the point they just switched me like the Artist in Hollywood. I just paid for gad and biker stop in front if the door to make me smell him although I can't smell to make forget that quick. I drove off with no gas.
My pervious boyfriends as well	With no knowledge
How many congressmen that had sexually  behavior issue since "our Great president been elected?I went back to see some of his campaign videos, President Trump didn't look comfortable or please to do so as if someone was coaching to behavior as such because they said he's minority
White women are you?. I in the metoo movement now? Where are you? We must find who have been doing this for more than 2 decade. They have all these so called white congressmen with all type of behavior against majority black minority that these white women voted for to be elected
I guess it ok. As long as it's not your child except the other crews is having them without knowlege. How long have we /I been online? Whose getting paid. "I have kamala too (other congress womens) changed color and nose for her video? Is this how USA make money off the innocent?
I just went online to search my name for the first time. I Google last name and nick name. cartoon. I searched again its the same vidoes they want to show me. Is that illegal? If isn't who are involved in these porn sites?
Am I on pornhub because the street are talking. At Macy's they (white guy) called me Jessica Rabbit not like the cartoon porn.
The  video link/clip are not playing. It worked for a short period of time yesterday till they changed my browser and download a few apps on my phone I don't use. How many people is sharing my phone with me? Are they in the back office or just simply sharing it like a computer
I guess they are using my PayPal account and Google to get their payment. Why else can I access my accounts #Stilltiday! I  don't know what going with metro PCS I had called sever time regarding my data and services apparently they don't see nothing wrong. I can't search anything
I see why they all the school of education are locked down unit. First was Ridgecrest elementary the same school my son &amp; other were forcing children to touched each other in the bathroom. Few mts later they are glass windows everywhere. Enough time to clean their mess up n lie
From my knowledge my brother is still paying Rent every month
I see why the show these children sign language so they can only communicate with then not the parents because they're too busy working. Possible touched my son at write start learning center because he only signed with me as a toddler
When I downloaded the app of true offended their were alot of pedophile in this area along. Till the app was disabled. There is a write start learning center walking distance and Child services right across the street from tacobell. Who are they really protecting here?
From what I heard IT'S A FAMILY BUSINESS not like President Trump
How many time have they resuscitate me or us or even you in the (you) home without our knowledge? If they did that to us, my mother as well. What do you think they did to you without your knowledge including Judges, doctor and etc
We are trying of waking with abuses while they have keys to our home, alway fixing the AC unit when it's outside, sink,etc. It till point they possibly come to the home to set up for their big bid. If it happened to us that mean your too and your children without your knowledge.
Family as well without knowing. I find it very puzzled all these yr the law enforcement was not involved in these abuse cases they they come to our home with social services wanting to rescue a child to put in foster home to be more abused. Questions is whose involved, how long?
That has been going on for more than a decade. It is still obvious they have NSA in their pocket or they are family. How can they not know all these yrs. We wake up with abused where we should not be hurting. If it happened to us that mean it happened to your -
Please investigation family, children, brother, cousin, son, sister,friend and Co workers. It obviously they have no fear of getting caught if #STILLTODAY they are calling NSA to cover for them as last night 113. 118. Not to much difference does it? Or $ 3,400 to $34.00.
As we all know we have all types of people coming to my home at night. As we all aware what they're all capable of with my pictures and documention. They have physical, emotional and sexually abused us in the night till the point we wake or don't know what happened. That been
Is it mummy return? How long?
Do they allow us to just smell certain things or just certain smell we are drawn too. What about music? Why are we more prone to certain music like hard rock or R&amp;B? Why we fist pump and head pump? Is it similar other country? are we all human or do we have superman story here?
When they take our sense of smell away, taste bud or make it smell good. They can do or give us anything to eat without us knowing. Is a typical person able to smell mold? Or smoke? Or  stinky smell such as C-diff if they go to the bathroom? How long has the bread been like that? https://t.co/nFPb26GQpu
Black minority/German  President rarely know what their true motive are but the one below them. Why are they alot of European businesses here in the State that are racially motivated from white. I think it was one nation. My land is your land is the lyrics I used to sign as a kid
Could the Government are possibly killing us one by one or by group by mass shooting  around the world  before "our Great" President Trump and Pervious President Obama "yes we can"
Is this holy or godly what they are doing? Do they realize they will have to answer to the higher power one day. Are they the fallen Angel? Only they can do something like that. I gotten my eye sight back after taking a shower, they must have done Harry potter on me to take it bK
Which make me think about the shooting in the work place by the BLACK gun man. Avatar? Microchip? Why did they scanned my eye	 I looked in the mirror this morning they not the same size. They are purposely adding thing to our body such as eye to blind me to wear glassed or Cancer
Are they experiencing on me (my kind) to see if human infected are attracted to blood like shark? Like the show the living dead. I don't watch that show but I hear it's one of the Top show the civilian love
It this federally funded? What's the research? I would love to be involved in my own case alive not dead like Michael Jackson meds
They got blood last night. What do they need blood for. My feet get cold at night. One time my mother and brother was always cold that mean they have gotten Alot of blood from them. They said I'm anemic because of the blood drawn from me. Notice the wound is on the vein https://t.co/QPT4xiUxxV
As an employee at Hospice Empathy Health I used a chap stick that moisturize lip, my spirite said "try it" because I was using it on the Patients but their lip was more chapped, dry &amp; harden. My conclusion was it was not moisturizing their lip,it was dryed &amp; chapped worse than b4
@washingtonpost National emergency? Rose Garden?
@realDonaldTrump A few yrs ago.Then it was the shooting in Orlando in the club for law enforcement to have their Google eyes everywhere - live now. With what occurred to me at the Jazz place last yr do they really want to keep the civilian, citizens safe from their own hands?Camera was everywhere
@realDonaldTrump As I sat and recalculate how certain bills are passed.  I went back to compare and contrast base race, certain area, event, places, state and country. For ex. I have observed that 99.9 % of elementary school are operating like a juvenile prison due to the gun shooting that occur
@realDonaldTrump My condolences to the family that has lose a love one. As I review the footage I find it heart to believe especially right now with everything that is going on is to have more strick GUN LAWs or for all black minority not to own a gun in order not to protect themselves and home.
@tariqnasheed Juvenile jail and prison is just like Gridiron Gang 2001, undisputed, life,  other fighting movie. I guess in there it's 1900 not 2019
@tariqnasheed They sometimes  get raped(men, women) administration doesn't do anything due to the lack of consequences which they continued for decades or century. Majority of women specific black doesn't want to join the military for that reason and Blk men. They get treated worse than animal
@tariqnasheed They got paid.. it a message to the community of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexuals and pansexual in order to continue with their inhuman plans. Military soldiers wake up in a different body and sometimes it worse in the military because of the law they have to protect them.
@SirD_720 @tariqnasheed I have not see the 2nd one
I see why some artist in Hollywood doesn't look in the mirror that evil eye
Where is the white women to say me too
An operation like that and the length of time is not by black people. They don't have the heart to do that.
I remember they said there was a Lil girl homeless with no family. They we vidoes taping her having sex (rape) in her home in her sleep and they were looking for her family. Until some realized that little girl was me yrs later when I was working at the palms of Pinellas.
If you are investigating my case best believe the black people was forced by white people to do what they did to me. That is why they're in the position they in so no one would guess it's them. Since I was in the 14-15 yrs before I knew there was black people in Pinellas county
Why is my WiFi turning in by itself? Whenever I attend to use it there is no signal
I smoke one time with my white friends after funeral I didn't cough at all. What does that tell you?
Why do people in the hood normally cough when they smoke Marijuana from my observation? Is that normally or is it the batch they get to make them sick or collapse a lung? What about CDB oil? Does it mean they will eventually add it to CBD too since it selling to the masses?
@GovRonDeSantis I brought that scholarship book 2006. I still was not granted a scholarship. It seem to me it was all about race, the one I qualify for I was not in the program. It was a false hope because still today it's about race. #Still
@tariqnasheed I saw love and hip pop few days ago (monday)  with the "metoo" movement then I asked where are the white women? after all  they started it. Let not forget before us it was them. Lifetime will tell you, they will blame a black men to sacrifice still today #Still
Their silly game. My sprit is too too old to be behaving like a child. I am an adult I will act as such. It obvious they want to take my license so if meant to be it shall be. It was their plan since July 2016 or before that.  Thank you
Case. He give us a paper to call within 3 days to make payment. Today is last day to call. I am looking for the paper to call it's M I A. I repeatly looked in my expensive bag (1) that they left to find out it their plan all long. I don't not have the patience or the time to play
On the 12 of February I was in courtroom 100 Tampa. Judges was nice that day to reduce red light cam (MUNI) FL FEE to $100. Since my pervious encounter with Pinellas county court I decided I would not fight although I've done my research on Monday which was a slim  dunk dismissal
Can someone please send me the schedule for the Harry Potter class. I heard it very informative and everyone is doing. They say it not like voodoo but it's Wiccan or pegan. What the difference? I thought magic was magic just a different name base on country, religion, and sex
Today I was able to used the "evil" eye to walk my niece to the bus stop. Yesterday I couldn't. I layed in the dark all long with my eyes close. I have to wear the sun glasses because they both still sensitive to the light and sun. My mom's eyes is like a sun color yellow mustard https://t.co/3MxXsHJHCL
Every child need to be accounted for especially right now everywhere in the state and Europe. It's the DNA they want to take over again. Their plan was 100 yr before I was born. It has been 80 yrs.. "we can not afford for Jessica to messed up our plans"
I've message my cousin &amp; my mom on Wednesday after the altercation. It showed that it send. Today I am sending him a messages it said "fail to send". Which mean what happened to Hillary Clinton about those innocent soldiers  was on purpose for her not to be elected.
I have a hunch they will be working on my son's great Aunt Barbara Bennett again for insurance money. They said "I will make sure her boys will get nothing". They are going after my family members and the branches one by one!
Animal eyes such as Goat eye is not good as well. They baby will be deformed not human. It will be half human and animal whatever it is. It will be in their DNA, the female eggs will carry it
If it a baby, toodler or a kid you will experienced what they parents went through and their ancestors
I used to have nightmare, sweating in my sleep, tossing and turning not knowing why at that time because I was not concious / aware when they did that. I was in my 18 yr. After they took my gift from me "dreaming" due to the nightmare. I didn't dream for a very long time
Stolen eyes you will experienced what the original person went like the movie and other organ . 2or body part. It not Godly. They're going to the island for that now. On Tuesday / Wednesday I looked in the mirror both of the eyes starred back at me with a smirk.
For those second of looking in the mirror the right eyes was looking back at me. It's not like when the eye doc suggested to get color contact when they stole it after pregnancy. The eyes moved my themselves and almost have me scratch it out several time. It not the 1st time.
They are stealing eyes again. First it was "Blue Eyes" now it Rnh + eyes like my family members such as me, my son &amp; my brother
My brother did do surgery on me but the people that he works for. Ever since they hired him from "People ready" he always come home cursing and wanting to fight me. His behavior was never like that. Which reminded me of the shot they have given me when I used to work https://t.co/arrmTvaFB4
My brother lung collapsed in 2015 the same time I was being admitted to the hospital. It was the Marijuana he was smoking at that time still today. They come to the home to sprayed it. He was admitted to Largo Medical Hospital who abused me and exploited me as a patient.
They sprayed it on him to be agressive. Till he said "get got maids to take care of the house"  eye color changed
They have Alot of doll. They have an Army here in every position
2 they say they will do my family (USA, haiti)  like they did on Germany to get the riches family again. They steal Identity from the black Jews to be milli, billi, trilli. Have children that don't know who they are. They able to avatar them spiritually too like salt
They did something to my left eye again. I can't open my eyes. The brintness hurt me. He get off from that. They get in  through anal sexually because they live next to me German citizens America. They have their own method.Majority of them are diff doctor and nurses in Germany
They used him like an AVATAR like the movie or just take over him spiritually. Is that the same thing different methods
The slab me at night on left face. Hit me in my stomach, do surgery on my eyes, eyes lid, try to remove fat out of my lips, put cream around my face to have acne, they took my edges and cut my hair. They sell me every night to higher bidder as if I am their products. USA citizens https://t.co/vrW0wC6e87
If national security agency watches our every moves how come they don't do something or alert someone of what type of operation they have here unless they getting a cut!! I prepared to leave this earth. They brought me back as if they are G O D they just Human not like aliens
Is metro PCS and T-Mobile possibly involved after they stole all my pic in the year of 2013 in Orland Fl. Me losing my phone in Tampa Bay fl whenever I go out downtown Tampa
They can no longer toy with my mother to make her call the phone. Now they have the neighborhood informate call the police to come rescue the day that they have created all these yrs. They know when I'm prophetic and prophecing. Which was on powerful people like the general
I've been dialing numbers. It's not going through. They want to kill my unborn because they don't know whom it is. Regardless it is MINE. THEY NEED TO WATCH THEIR WIFE MAKING DEAL BEHIND THEIR BACKS THAT HAS MORE THAN 3 ACCOUNTS
They needed blood last night. They couldn't get to see how far along I was. So they created Chaos at home to puncher me in the vein to get blood tonight. https://t.co/U8XYnPtSu1
The children had a microchips on them for more than 5yr. Base on my niece behavior and my son behavior. Till I noticed they acting like toy soldiers in the month they were going to "play" with us. They called it "play" because wife doesn't show them affection and love
About what going on in the house. When I was admitted to the hospital and mental health facilities the staff physical and sexually abused me there. I didn't say anything for time like this!!!! Last place was in last wk of September of 2018
If anything happened to my unborn I know name and faces and behavior of wife and partners and toy soldiers that what I have no connection all day long but twitter. They  touched my son as a toodler at write start learning center.. Teacher open hypnosis them to answer questions.
They all live less than 3 miles away. I have no fail tone to make any phone call. The higher up is involve as well as chief of police and general of military
They have already been putting gas in the home at night for us to go to sleep. And they abused and raped us at night. They have a whole operations here. The same people he is working for is making him sick. They take over our head as well to act different!!! It's EVERY NIGHT NIGH
My brother just got home so upset wonder who sit him up. Just 2 pinch for certain behavior
Who ever impregnated want me to lose the baby I can see in NY brother behavior he is acting ddifferent. What chip do they out in him and what can he caused him do ???, gm just like the elevator in New york city.  I am making a phone call there is no fail tone. Is that their plan?
It has been connecting all day. Still hasn't. 	I have that TV since 21 yr  in my son's room since my roommate got rid of my 32' flat inch on 2016. https://t.co/57vdbUwYcX
Why do we have 2 WiFi network and password? Last month they came to fixed the Internet issue which was no issue..
Who remember the antenna? How long was that? Now everyone must have cable to watch TV and to keep tract on (you)  what you watching to see what type of person you are..
My family and I have been part of DirectTV phone, cable and Internet from spectrum  for more than 15 yr here in Tampa Fl. I've been out of signal in my room all day. I wonder as to why? It not the first Time.
DirectTV is just a money grabbing company for us to choose from brighthouse. First they came with lower payment except when it rain we have no Internet connection or lose signal. I think to myself how could that he if the satellite is out of space. Is it possible they created it?
What going with wal mart chicken that my brother buys. Sometimes it stuffed with the organ, sometime it doesn't. Sometimes the neck is long, sometime it doesn't. I cook 2 whole chickens often to fries or bake. All he seem to buy is chicken.. https://t.co/bfhZ9bMMFq
They changed date and time on my note phone like they did today. It showed Tuesday.
Someone said 'Kamela better not take the seat or they will get all her family again" like we did Jessica ..male voice.
That was in the yr of 2006 before my son was born after that it worse than before. Now I know it was not alzheimer's.  It all timemer's which mean her time is coming to an END!
They confused me (erased my memory they call it) by my days and years every night to the point I was asking my Co workers the same question 2016-2019 at Sunset Point Rehab in Clearwater and hospice
It was till the point I gotten dress on a Friday to go class when I was attending SPC last semester in the fall 2018. My mother noticed that, she didn't say anything. Which reminds me of my son G Geandma whom past in November of 2017.She used to asked the same question repeatedly
Who is Charles Darwin,  his studies and his family? 	Who/ what is the pure breed or crossbreed? Who owned GMO companies here in state and international?
Are these real potatoes or GMO food. When I cut the potatoes to make home fries there is a milky milk like liquid in it not like regular potatoes. Google purple or cream color potatoes 	https://t.co/JFE7FjUxiq
@GOP No collusion?
Who are the American Greed? If it was a black person best believe the Caucasian wanted to get away from being a partner.
@JackPosobiec Realization will wake you up without realizing it :).
Metro PCS is a really bad service company. This month is not the only month that I've been having issue with making a call, or getting on the Internet. Several time when I paid my bill I've have no Internet service I didn't know why. I've been a member since Dec 2014.
That "ring of fire" brand is the "positution ring" they have here in the State that alot of powerful people get traps to do their dirty works since I moved to Tampa Bay FL. Pinellas and orange county. So where is the money going? Do they have off shore accounts? How long? Macy's! https://t.co/Xh2iHc2aHi
I have decipher the "Black Panther" meaning that means so deep to some. Panther mean pant is his/her because during that time women were not allow to wear pant but dresses or shirt. The black men were theirs not the black women. I think
@realDonaldTrump My niece and my son as well. I pay attention to how they speak and how they walk. Like today my prince  "Son"
@realDonaldTrump I find it hard to believe. After all I didn't know they were German or Russian. Like the USA  they are American when they clearly are German divided state to confuse people. I was acting more like them subconsciously realizing why.
You can used me as the guinea pig. I attended Ultimate medical academy, and SPC  where are my classmate now of graduate for that whole year?
Perfect ex. Let compare and contrast minority vs Caucasian employment of hire from degree or certificate PTEC, ERWIN, ST PETERSBURG,  HILLSBOROUGH, VALICIA COLLEGE!!! Please give me the numbers so I won't be right!
Most residents and graduate students 25-35+ are living with parents/family to support or assist one another  due to the lack of hiring minority with training certificate or degree as opposed to a Caucasian with No training or degree. #Sociology..
74% of Floridians don't have enough money to pay bill let along health care. The new job training is a waste of time because once they're done. They don't get hire so the State is basically making their money back while the Floridians and other on the street making end meets.
@GOP An lacking in Judgment strikes hands in pledge and puts up security for his neighbor. He who loves a quarrel loves sin; he who builds a high gate (WALL) invite destruction for his people and others. Pv17
@tariqnasheed To have a fool for a son brings grief; there is no joy for the father of a fool. A cheerful heart is good medicine (live longer) but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. Proverbs 17. It how you take a message as your own from experience and someone else lessons..
You ever noticed when I have an important meeting they have me upset some powerful people just like my family when I am in trouble that they've caused. 3 wks no phone, no Internet, no music, no news, NO MONEY,  and etc
All these people doing wrong and they don't know who they are yet NSA has every information on us since we were born or come to the State??? They even know what posit I prefer. They know my lime and dislike. Yet they are blind to what they are doing everyday &amp; night..
I still have no Internet connection to search or Google anything!!!!!!!! It's in their finger tips.  I brought T.I brand the rapper for my son. Today I have trust akoos from another person I don't know who they are. They changed the size too as if I didn't noticed
They stole my Hotmail email from New York City when I was a teen. I be damn if they steal my Google account to trap and arrest innocent people. "Akoo"I was referring to T.I brand not"trust akoo"to confuse people from the original artist brand. I almost forgot THAT'S WHAT THEY DO!
@GOP @LaraLeaTrump All these years they didn't feel safe before President Trump came up with the idea for his campaign? What is about the wall they want to build? Or is it really about the wall?
Erwin tech college is looking for student to attend their school. I said to myself these students would not be able to find a job/ career in what they went to school for. On the news it state that 30 million of people own IRS which mean they will get no tax refund to pay bills
@realDonaldTrump Not like the black president because you know they work (ed) us overtime with no pay. I believe it
@rachaelray I saw Trisha show with the pasta and her singing speaking with Italian accent
@rachaelray @QVC How did you make the waffle fries? I used to watched your show all the time..
I remember the staffing agency that interview me several time for a non job in downtown Tampa on Ashley Dr
@realDonaldTrump If NSA National security Agency can see what happened around the world. How come stop the chaos before it happened like Africa, Haitu, Puerto Rico, India and etc. Does it mean German has the same technology
@realDonaldTrump African American or black minority?? They too see the mistreatment!!
Who created the CHAOS WITH THE OIL SPILL?
Since  2017 -2018 I got into 3 major accident. As if someone trying to kill me to take over my identity. Who is Jessica Estep that they keep sending her mail to my house? It been 2 yrs going in 3 yrs!!! I didn't received all my money from the white vehicle on February of 2017, 18
@tariqnasheed The art of macking
@realDonaldTrump @CNN I believe it.
I received mail yesterday. Open mail today which windhaven owned me more than $ 34.00 from my previous vehicle and insurance premium https://t.co/OF6TAboqg5
My choice would be  PRIVACY; with privacy we are able to secure our home and businesses including oversea. Which means they have nothing to hold over our head with we were young &amp; dumb, they will not be able to hack in places/system to get infor that are not there and no profile
They say we American/resident/alien/visa must choose between privacy (100%)or security(100%)?I thought about it we don't have neither if you really think about it. We have no privacy and security is up to their discretion since 1940.With new technology they use for evil intention
@realDonaldTrump In my apartment Bellaire place. For the first time I can smell. God save us
@realDonaldTrump Is there an alternative for the carbon dioxide (16). What is the detail on the green deal? Would residents be able to afford it?
USA has no privacy and that is not our Constitution. 10 bill of rights
NSA can not Continue to spy on us. We the people can not continue to give the Gov't total power of us such as all social media, bank statement, credit check, employment and etc to profile us. They can kill us and our family won't  know
@GOP Where are the men that are running for presidency? Is it  just for women this time?
@BaconNuffSaid @Liz_Wheeler It's exactly what it sound like!!
@RickHolbert2 @Liz_Wheeler Just like world war 1 &amp; 2. The 10 bill of right was to protect the residents and citizens
I am dreaming of a high school classmate Dexter McCluster Pro football player. He was SET UP and dealing with the State now!! I noticed they are going after the athlete, entertainer (actor, rapper and singer), black congressmen and women, priest, attorney,  judges and CNA + etc
@KamalaHarris Trust and believe the Gov't keep a list/tract of many children they've separated purposely. That what they used to do in the past and currently. The only difference is  "we the people" has more knowledge today.They know how to read, write,  know their numbers and a great attitude
@KamalaHarris And as other. That is why they've set up a lot of people to protect them..
@tariqnasheed That $5 Indian is 5% of black blood in them. Test it for yourself with a cup of black coffee and a cup of white coffee. Continue to pour the pour the milk in the coffee to test if there still coffee in that milk. Test using  the Microsoft because you naked eyes would not see it..
@tariqnasheed I completely forgot it's black history month. I thought it was year round. Do they realize that one percent is close to 99% Caucasian just price tag in the store,  for instance $3.99
Why does St Petersburg has access to all my accounts and network. Sometimes I have signal, sometime I don't. Yesterday I wanted to use the Laptop I Purchased From TARPON Spring campus come to realize they is a default account and I can access my or reset it.
Did they purposely separated the twins to come after (kill) them  in later years like Jean Claude van Dan movie  and Enemy of the State
Am I an Enemy of the State/Country like the 1998 Will Smith movies? They used my house like a playtime house at night and when I used to Nap during the day... https://t.co/DVavYEmJ1O
@marcorubio I in the best country USA since I was a little girl. I've been through lot from other people hands since migrating to the USA. Especially FL. They are still experimenting on me; they call me Lab Rat but I am human being like them
@marcorubio Just give them money,  books, technology supplies for them to make their own medicine so that way they can work and experiment in the laboratory themselves. Venezuela and other countries doesn't like USA tactics right now. They have trust issue especially right now!
@marcorubio The question is what's in these medicine. The flu shot that was given to me at the LMC has made a lot of us sick. Imagine oversea that doesn't have the same laboratory and doctors. Could it be an experiment to test their DNA? What the percentage of HIV and Aid in Venezuela?
My collage of some those that dislike me https://t.co/TVZFALRmGo
@marcorubio Those babies are all shades of color,  hair, and eyes that they stole from me. As young as I was it was more than 2 babies because I was counting in my head before they knock me out at Morton plant. They might changed the date of birth to cover their tract. A day before and after
I woke up sick with a sore throat with the back of my throat seem to be coated with white bacterial. It's very visible first time of my life I've noticed that since Macy's workplace
Today I noticed a Pasco sheriff live down a few houses which doesn't make a different. What does that tell you?
They are continuing to work on me at night. My eye lid was a few day ago. My lip was last week and my nose bone structure was last night 	I don't know who is doing that. I believe it someone that hates me for them to continue to work on me like a lab rat.They worked on my vagina! https://t.co/4o6XRK8Og6
Other evil spirit enter you sexually.  A priest could remove it. I have other evil spirit in me to help me walk as well and help me do thing physical especially since the attempted murder on my life on April 22 2018
Whenever you do something wrong and you feel guilty afterward that mean they either took over your head spiritually like the mummy movies when you go back to your true self and your true feeling.half of Hollywood are under the influence of evil spirit and drugged out their mind
When you scratch your anal that mean they either having anal sex spiritually or physically without knowing. Alot of them was "Set Up" for them to do whatever they say especially the one that has money since they were child, teens and adult. #EIE
Morning. The kids hasn't go in a one wks since I have been keeping tract on the calendar.
Because I am keeping tract of bowel movements they're giving enama to make me go(have bowel movements)  in the morning. Kids haven't have BM in few days now. You suppose to go every day or every 2 day because you are eating everyday. No trash or recycles has been picked up this https://t.co/F1L5dsT5cb
Ever since my mother travel to another State she has been sick as I at the workplace. They are paying someone to get her sick as she was here in Fl
Is my Attitude that much different from my hard work?		What do you think? https://t.co/sWaFEbw1mg
That is the hidden message of Easter is all about. They got rid of mine to make more eggs for them such as Easter basket for summer or winter Christmas
I see why they nick name me Phat Farm and Lab rat except I have no ideas of it since I was 18. My son was 2lb, how many eggs do you think I can carry?  My weight before pregnancy was 100 lb and before &amp;  after  delivery 140lb
Sometime it takes a long time for me to understand what they want me to do till after the facts. Tell me what do you see or what symbols do you get from it or what's the moral of the story. My smoothie Ninja / NutriBullet is not working. I brought a Ninja not a bullet!! https://t.co/XXne5mPJcJ
@GrahamLedger Once again they came in the night to steal more fertility fertilize eggs in my sleep. Abdominal is in extreme pain. I guess the Haitian is about to get their reparations; they doing just like the $5 Indian and German..
@thehill Duke corporation  is not a good company due to their racial, discriminatory method to the people of American.
They will be bringing out the white and Asian people to do their dirty works now. Alot of them were adopted or stolen!!!!
@GrahamLedger I don't know which one is worse Govt  Ralph Northam or Kevin hart jokes from our child hood not to  host the Oscars. Like the Mississippi congress womens
It take two. Mary Kate and Ashley my 2 favorite twin as a child. Love all their movies
@GrahamLedger Is that a message or a sign that we are going back to that time except a different method with the American children and elders. Why does European does majority of their cosmetic surgery in Europe before they travel to the United states of America
@GrahamLedger I was not able to watch the whole speech but the last 30 mins. I want to watch it on YouTube except it said "there was a problem signing to my account now" ???	Which mean no music, educational news for me in my others accounts as well. It has two weeks now!!
White Austrian women are forced to wear Hijabs by Muslim? Are they going to have religion against religious such as Christians vs Muslim?
2 heartbeat
Mississippi is a confederate state that want to continue to make capital on black minority. They're discussing of banning fetal heartbeat abortion legislation after 1 1/2 which is not good at all. What is the law currently of abortion in Mississippi? When I was 18yr EMT check me!
Banning people from sleeping their car is outrageous. It's unconstitutional and it is clearly racially profiling against the homeless and the poor.
What is going on with the USA, North Korea and Vietnam?? I see Kushner in my Dream like Scott..
You ever wonder why they say arrive 2 to 3 hrs before your flight.Irealized it was a way to observe you,who you are talking or who will you call if you missed the flight in order to set you up, family members and friends.They always do that to me so how many other they do that2?
@usedgov They always say that except it strictly special for certain type of students and adult
Light bulbs for surgery https://t.co/jnsLvQpybc
Southern oak elementary bus was late again yesterday with a phone call or text message. It was 45 min late. When I called the school they told be they will ve late after waiting 30 min of waiting at the bus stop to sell me...
They are controlling my twitter just like  Facebook when I used to work at Largo Medical Hospital. I am only able to see 10 tweets from others!!!!
Yesterday before I went to sleep. The toilet works fine today I woke up, it's not flushing. Which I've experienced that several time before just like when they clogged the tub several time by pushing hair down the drain. How many of us go through that unaware of what they're doin https://t.co/cjBDzNQWuz
Especially the men and little boys.. pedophile are sick in the head,  the drug they are putting in the street,  the promotion or/and  forcing them to. Top money for me was the largo medical Hospital,  other boys, girl and teenager, adult
They has been darking our eyes for a very long time especially me since I was a child in new York city which they then continue in Fl as they do our skin tone, hair and nails
We need to PASS NEW law/bill   for them white pedophile that take children and adult innocent from them to make millions of dollars. Enough is Enough. If you calculate it that a trillion dollars industry of innocent people. Including hiding camera in the dressing room
There should be NO KIDDIE porn online. They should get 2 life sentence for their evil deed and deal.They should increase more time 2 sen + those that are 18+ that has no knowledge and no consent from them. Also going in the military where they tie and force some of them. GI Jane
They been coming in my home for that specific at night (women 25+)They also shaping him into their liking. His Johnson has not grow, which could be in the med they prescribed. (Dream it). Few yrs I thought I had eczema, maybe it was a wake up call to me that it Menmade for money
The doc diagnosed my son has Eczema since he was a few months old. He has been using the prescribed  med cream since then. I noticed it always a certain areas for breakout. One day it's gone the next day he break out. They have creams they put on him to break out.
The blue cupI used the Ice out the fridge today. The pink was the ice water from a couple days. They added thing to the water machine which male the Ice. I test it since Saturday when I noticed the fridge water was warm than usual. https://t.co/uXkkh2dcy1
I didn't realize my house was an sex  expedition since 2017. That is what all the white people keeping quite or silence about.. I clean house, woke up it's  dirty with more roaches they have brought online n pregnant one too to call us dirty. SMH they all could do Better!
It was the white women because of their fathers plans. Some are worse than their fathers now due to what their father used to do to them and for liking black boys..
@tariqnasheed https://t.co/XC8OC4vz8F
@tariqnasheed I don't know what to say!!!
Sometime it is difficult to understand these men that are support to protect us is taking advantage of us. Especially my child support they have been stealing in the court house https://t.co/aIitqwP2DW
They are controlling who I can call who I can not call.. I have no cellular network connection
They come to out home and take our cloth that we brought. They then give to a family member some of their item for us to wear.. https://t.co/zBhAaUNbq2
I guess my Mom was right. It's in the clothes that they wash individual when we not looking.. Harry potter
I used to always watched the documentary of SEX TRAFFICING never would I thought it would be at my front door or me or next door where is not poor...
I am cleaning out my closet again. Now I definitely know it's not my mom or my brother. They are replacing some of my item into what they like. Such as these. Some fit some doesn't. Base in the size they like. SMH smh smh https://t.co/q5RDCnLDej
@SenRickScott @MeetThePress I wonder how much million they made off me?
@SenRickScott @MeetThePress They must investigate those in the court house like the DEA that just got in their position or the one that been in the chair for more than 10 yrs.
@tariqnasheed @creolepepper In fact that were their plan for 20 yrs now that is why majority of men has a felony so they can't provide for their family which then have the women put them in child support to take their driving license and their J O B.
@creolepepper @tariqnasheed Majority of their are on child support and take has no J O B. Then they arrest black  women for allowing white people for touching their children when they at work or sleep.
I still not able to get into my Google account to check my email. I've applied for several job and my other account. I am not able to do live vidoes on Facebook, Snapchat
@tariqnasheed I believe my son was a twin!!
@tariqnasheed They even have short term forgetful spray or perfume. For instance your phone, you can put your phone down and look away, you automatically forget where you put it. You looking for it. That happened to me at the hospital when I was taking vital sign
Is there a local or State election next month; March?
@tariqnasheed What you didn't know or understand  as a child you know as an adult. Such the sign, symptoms, walk, smile, looks, smell, unexplain questions or answer, etc. Have anybody seem the movie "Twins" they going back to that especially in military!!
@tariqnasheed I now know why people in the hood have pit bull to protect the home except they have technology such as microchips to silence the dog or send them to sleep. Camera doesn't help with the WIFI they could just hack into it. That's why they promote wireless network
@tariqnasheed Yes. I've noticed except this day of 2019 these women still have no choice because the men are still doing what their great X5 parents taught them to continue the cycle. With technology and new chemical these women are not aware till they wake up to look for certain mark or preg
@marcorubio Send a video. They took over my youtube account, Google account, facebook, Snapchat,   pinterest and etc. I woke up PREGO. SMH smh
@tariqnasheed Very interesting.. what are the tract record? I have been out of network connection all day today
Might be 5 to bounce the signal against one another
It a new rice. It taste different n takes longer to heat up in the microwave. Could it be plastic rice? Who is approving these cancerous food for us to purchase to eat? Where or who is FDA? https://t.co/jwsBZc7CmS
My tweet is not posting. I have 2 Stateline in my zone of dead end.
They are able to switch us and make us behavior like that person like the movie "Click" they almost make command and instruct you to do certain things. Such as go to the car, or take something.
They put several microchips in us and I want then remove now. They removed it before my flight to New York and put it back when I came back to Tampa bay. Now it make us go from zero to a hundred. Get mad for no reason and that's why there are so many homicide in the city today.
I've been using bag for quite a while now. Winn dixie has a new bag now. Look how it melt around the pan, what the reason they created this new bag. As we all aware I have camera in my home in every room. Is it safe??? https://t.co/TCk47A3qNS
They have a magnet and spray to drain our strength, energy. They tested on me several time most of all all the haitian. They realized it doesn't work for all due to DNA as well as other groups, ethnicity  and their own kind.
They put it in food to observe you as they did me in Largo medical Hospital. I've realized something with my spelling when I try to write a post or spell a word; my mind go blank. When I get off line I am able to spell that word out and remember what I want to say..
@tariqnasheed Black history month? Mine is 365 day. That is why they were about to get rid of MLK parade in Tampa Bay to replace with President George Bush.
@tariqnasheed That is true same as the instructions or library that I go to to get information. What is that teaching us as a group?
@GrahamLedger There is 3 options for us to choose from and  neither are good. Defy the court will not be good because the court itself is involve in building the wall. Base on what in the construction for alien will not help them either. Building the wall is out the question! Too much money!
Did St. PETERSBURG College took over my accounts to do their dirty deeds and deal. I am still not able to login to my spc email account for Istagram, Snapchat and pinterest account. If it happened to me how many other did they do that too??
They take advantage of us in these applications that we download in order to use them. Some require that we stay signed in to just hack in to it with no issue..
When we leave them in their arm to care &amp; babysit.  You have no ideas what going on because they are babies they can't talk and that is what they were signing with these babies instead of speaking with them so they won't tell their parents what's going on!!! https://t.co/Z2o6v1mmkj
Macy's has camera and they make sure they kept an eyes on me which is everyone that was working there!! They themselves realized the damaged that was done to me such as the manager on duty and director and HR..
I've realized they are only giving me one prescription out of 2 to say I am doing fine. Let's not forget and Macy's saw how I was walking and in extreme pain when I  was working when my pain meds was due. I was taking them every 4 hrs there when it stated every 12 hrs.
Who is Dora? Jessica at SPC the explora https://t.co/sKU6IBaae5
WHERE ARE THE TRUE HERO?? 	I forgot they got set up or lose all their money if they have to make a difference or their LIFE!!!! https://t.co/z8ej6XDPHy
This is what they do to our clothes. They cut, Hamed, shrank and dirty it to the point when you wash it it's still dirty. That majority of our clothes now. It's every night and it getting OUT OF CONTROL.  They travel to do that as well https://t.co/nRRt1i88Uv
Now my son school bus is 30-45 minute late now. He came home with a Ripped pant form largo Middle school. I bet you 1 million dollars they are not the only one? Just like he came home with a ripped backpack for a teacher to donate a Timberland book bag. To teach them or me "TIME" https://t.co/wMSu4fdL3Y
As we all aware the H.S was involved and the college I attended St. Petersburg college. They all enjoyed me in my sleep/ while I was dead.
It is one thing when they touched/sex me while I am dead it another if they are touching my children. There clothes are disappearing I have no money to continue to purchase their clothes. Their wife are involved as well. They are cleaning my closet out to wear my garment n kids l
I am extremely tired people has my key to enter my home every night to touched my children and the adult as well. They are using sleeping gas to enter the home. Some congressmen are involved and Congress women and the KKK. they have been stealing my items for long time.
@ThePerezHilton I've noticed they are dressing like the early 70's with the tight pant and shirt for boys and tucking their shirt. The girl are grown before measure which mean age..
@ThePerezHilton If you experienced it then you are able to see the sign and put a stop into it. It impossible if they have a whole group operations behind them in order to continue to take these children innocent away... RIP MJ
@ThePerezHilton The Irony is they don't talk about the Catholic priest and others molesting and raping these children, teen, teenagers and adult like they did Michael Jackson to become a star Like he did. As we all know Hollywood is small, everyone know and that what they do.
@TB_Times What a move. They worked that plan long before you just like race Scott 15 yr
Look at my iphone. The changed it yesterday. I hope I still have all my items of my Sim card because I have a feeling they have switched to sell my my pic, video and etc oversea with the children https://t.co/L5ropmF0e8
I've noticed my tweet is not being send immediately as if they give someone pretty of time to edit my tweet
Who remember Blade Runner. I didnt believe he committed that murder of his wife but a set up. I watched the case on TV. It could have been a sign or messages to the African people in Africa continent. Really sad sorry.	https://t.co/gHjmsUzXHP
Who is taking over (MY) our social media pages and email accounts to do evil deeds or deal such as I. They just updated me to the old version of Facebook  2009 because I don't have the app. What is it about these apps we have to download and register in order to use them??
@realDonaldTrump Is it really about religion or their natural resources or weapons? Do they have technology as we do in some countries?
@realDonaldTrump Why it the blame always on democrat? Why won't they take responsibility for their action and their parts of involvement? Iran people are exhausted and want their freedom again. The war is over a decade now, why continue? They are people like the rest of us!
@GovRonDeSantis @valenciacollege I visited that college to attend but ...
@StateDept Why is there a sanctions? I am not able to read the document, it's not loading up. These people need aid as in money.
They come to my house at night to see the length of my hair and etc. I woke up and noticed a section of my hair blow dry or straighten. I say how did my hair straighten out?I look around and didn't see any or anything but a clue. Like the color of my scape which they have darken
They are experimenting with our hair again. Especially my son, I have noticed the difference.. the texture, length, curl, straight and color..
@KamalaHarris It is extremely important
@GrahamLedger It shouldn't about a party but the people that are involved. That is different methods to divide the people or "we the people" in case you did know.. after all we are people whom go through the feeling of pain just different reason or methods.
@tedlieu Even the snack machine they control. It's only debit or credit card now. Some don't even gave change back. SMH my experience at Macy's
@tariqnasheed I doubt it the black community. They just used that term because they are freely with it as you know it was them that were touching these children and adults to he like them. As you know you often hate what they used to do to you and swear you will not be like them..
@AmbJohnBolton It so Ironic not Venezuela has gang mafia after they were no deal, I think?
@tariqnasheed Alot of LGBT are adopting specifically for the military benefit but what benefits? Some wake and not know what just happened or wake up in a different body with out their knowledge or consent to transform to a woman or a man. They go through the same pains I go through at night!
Disabilities whom not getting paid but just disposable or a number
@tariqnasheed Since the government shutdown the government has saved a lot of money with no back pay to these worker and civilian whom in need to get their medical needs, such as meds, DLA assistance, income,  foodstamp, and etc. They lost a lot especially the low incomes
@Fox35News That is a very long time. Imagine the technology today that the civilian doesn't know about or not aware of..
@Fox35News The microchips control their behavior,  thought process and them as a person. It like a human robots except you don't know who's controlling you or what command they set you up for; children as well! I've realized I've been chips since I move here in Fl when I was 15yr.
@Fox35News When they have been away for 10-15 yrs it is hard to break that habit/ behavior due to the length of time oversea and when they come back home.Some of them are expecting the same thing here in the State, it is worse with the Chips when they higher up in military promote it.
@Fox35News Speaking of LGBT group I am aware they are being forced to be homosexual at a very young age to adult especially in the military. I believe it works just like prison or jail where some of them have to be the female in order to release themselves and promoting more homo situation
@Fox35News My heart goes to him. There are thousand of footage and no arrest has been made? Could it be possible it was plans for the Sen Mrs.Harris to be blamed for not implementing uncalled LGBT and now Q policy. From my understanding she is running for presidency, could that be a reason?
@tariqnasheed Lol.are you sure, I will jump in with cha
I've dreamed they going to the country side to set these people with me for money so they won't be on their tail. They too worked on me spiritually. They have a whole operating here regarding me and others!!
I created a music ly account they changed my password and forced me to create another on the I phone which I couldn't do anything till I looked on the Samsung note to see " Jessicawhoall" they changed my name, posted a video but it didn't show. That was last night in the evening
Happy. They want everyone to be aware of it because they are in extreme pain with no benefit or pain medication. Futuremore  Alot of them are in jail and prison due to their psychological  behavior of war and their situation. Majority has PTSD, drone does not help; they relive it
I want to go to the country side to meet the farmers and others to really investigate what the citizens NEED and what they want that their representative is not requesting to the official especially the veteran that were injured in war whom have robotic leg and arms. They are not
They have us create new accounts and they will change the passcode or password for them to use only. When I try get a new password there is always an error message which then force us to create another for them and the cycle continue.. Dreamer. I - phone out of commission
There is a whole gang of people taking over my Email accounts and social media account in order to force them to meet me to do unthinkable thing to me in my sleep. It's all online.They are selling me without my knowledge or my consent;Most of all St  Petersburg college is involve
@SteveSchmidtSES What party are you, Democrat?
@thehill You sound very confident. 
@Liz_Wheeler Actually @Liz_Wheeler she is serious like Heart attack.
@SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump It might be the VP. They partner in crime . They dont talk to much about him, hes alway in the background quietly.  
@nypost She should?
@madanboukman @Haitian_Pootch That will be great for small country to be in alliance with one another to assist one another when the time permit. Trade deal and others will help the economy. 
@PerezHilton @ThePerezHilton Hot 
@PerezHilton @ThePerezHilton Can I please get paid for somw of my ideas n etc. not from Cardi B, from Higher up!!
@KamalaHarris I agree . We also need actual facts and evidence of these climate change that we the government has been causing for the dramatic change. 
@NPR Take a few weeks to think  About all finals decisions. Dont crack under pressure. I am sure you will make the best decision for your country. 
@marcorubio @Univision23 @AmbrosioU23 @jguaido Where is the translation plz? 
It was a veggie Burger   of not real veggies 
They start with the butt, anal first and word their way out to say (they)you were that color when you were born
I have more pictures of damaged they have done to me. I am not the only one; they are forcing others to do their evil deed as well (foreigner) and threatened them if they say no,refuse.They are playing scrabble with my words. To confuse you or make the sentence not make sense.
My thigh 	As you can clearly see  what they injected me with me I dont know 	I dont know if the military involved in this but I do believe the higher up here in Florida is aware to what they are doing to me at night.They are doing surgery on me w/out my consent or knowledge https://t.co/rEO1DCRIEa
That was yesterday afternoon after 12pm. Ive noticed I was in extreme pain as if I gotta beat my a bee  1,000 time. My whole right side swollen!! https://t.co/5QxXdw3jFR
I had a veggie sandwich  at the judicial center on 49 St in Pinellas County. Ive noticed my behavior was different after a couple days and my moms, brother, childrens as well.. 
How long has they been selling human being meat  to human or 3/5?
I saw Anderson nightly News 360 for the first I thought they send him a message as to what to ask, sit while he hosting and interviewing his show while or whenever I watch it..
How long has it been in the market for all?
How long has the microchip been in human or animal 3/5 of a human being and an actually animal ?
@marcorubio They spoke about the hidden deal of the Carrier and no wages? 
I have a dream that they been impregnating women unaware to sell to the highest bidder. Doing surgery in them unconsciously
What is the number of people that has the microchip in them? Including the Military around the world?The Microchip is extremely DANGEROUS it like Nuclear weapons except it unnoticeable/ people unware of their behavior and thought process due to the command they are instruct to do https://t.co/jdd1lLmLOX
Is it true once you get a felony in some State the person is not allowed to travel to other state, city or county? Im in the state of FLORIDA 
My whole right side is swollen from last night, left  side arent any better either. So much pain And I didnt do nothing but tell the Truth...
@marcorubio What is the plans?
@marcorubio @jguaido @realDonaldTrump That understandable as well as Venezuela 
@tariqnasheed @JustAGurLnSwedn Some will love  you and some will hate cha. 
@TONYSKEECHI @tariqnasheed That part
@tupacnole @tariqnasheed 
@tariqnasheed Do you have a chip in you? I noticed for a while now you only write about stuff like that. Is there a reason why?  you usually talk about other stuff such as event, politics, educational seminars, business, next book  or movies 
@nprpolitics MS13? What about the Klan &amp; Nazi? I guess MS13 are the ones that been coming to my house at night to work on me..
They almost took my moms cycle when we went to the community Health center of Pinellas county (FL). No wonder SPC is giving away free menstrual pad at the Institution last semester. It could have been a message to all they going back to their old days!! 
That when I remember when I first had my menstrual cycle it only lasted 3 days, I didnt know why but I know now to due to being aware and knowledge of normal cycle and abnormal which is a kind of chemical they purposely put in our food not to have babies  anymore
Didnt they do something similar in the 3/5 third world  country a few yrs ago and currently and here in the USA ;I read it !! Are they taking our gift to procreate from us with out our knowledge and consent. I said one  day as opposed to 4-6 days??
I noticed they have been playing with our food that we buy. My menstrual cycle only lasted 1 day which was yesterday and I have been eating these potatoes  and making lemonade yesterday; the lemon yesterday was hardened on the side https://t.co/C7jz2UbpZ8
They make sure I didnt vote  twice which was November https://t.co/2okIGXd553
All natural when 18 a student at SPC. Take a look  at my teeth and eyes https://t.co/oNI3QlnqJZ
After all miss @Cane told us her experienced as a dancer and a teacher. How can miss cane be discriminating against her own kind?
Who is @ Lisa Cane.. is she finishing her father footwork of what he ( they) have done to Minoritys and poor what because he stated  Cane is my daughter she will be doing what i tell her. Isnt miss cane have a mind of her own?Hypnosis is something isnt miss cane!
IF SPC IS INVOLVED THEN YOU KNOW WHAT THEY DID TO ME AS A BLACK MINORITY AND POOR WHITE STUDENTS https://t.co/aJBIPGyOya
@SenRickScott @TB_Times Ricks Scott safety plan are not save for all that is including minority like my self. They just proved their point this morning by leaving my son behind  and letting my niece on that school bus without a notification or a phone to let us the parents know here whereabouts!!
@KayDee_Mocha What is going on with the school board that are supposed to protect these children and adult??? What about the school bus System?
Yester the school bus  left my niece behind and today they did the same thing to my son. It the school or the school bus  system. We used to wait at least 15-45 minutes on the school bus in the morning and afternoon.. as we are known they do things here for a reason!!
What are they doing in the women jail / prison house. Whatever they doing it is not ethical and immorally wrong!!
@SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP Pasta, sauce &amp; products as those and others!
@SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP  I agree. Its not just the president, its his administration and also others. I have noticed you have lose alot of weight; it puzzles me as to why. Becareful of your food, drink, medicine and etc 
@tariqnasheed Was there any disciplinary action against regarding harming the Caucasian that did the harming to the black peoples? I doubt it, its always like that and that why they do what they do still today with no apology!
I hope  it not going to be 41 days for the shutdown 
I saw the millions dollars school they supposedly build for students in Tampa FL.. was not a school!
In Tampa. They will not let the government shut down last longer than the pervious President Barack Obama I guess they did. It was day 12 I made that statement..
Government shutdown day 34!	I dont agree with Senator Lindsey Graham. If the Government is going to be open it shouldnt be just 3 wks, it should just stay opened for the Americans and non Americans people. I think  it was the statement that I made at the judicial center
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @foxandfriends Ive applied for at least 15-20 applications since my departure with Macys I havent heard anything back. 	Question- is it legal for professional to put a chip in them without the person knowledge or consent? 
@marcorubio Who are the 13 state or nation?
@latimes I spoke about this yesterday here in the United state of America   about what is occurring here. I find ironic that the Trump administration wants to make a deal . Remember they are making plastic food and Chemical in the water. Look at my forehead, the edges, and my teeth!
They want me to have cotton eyes 
My sons tooth this morning I couldnt get a clear picture because they fade it out
Working around my eyes  without my consent and etc 	My question is is that legal what they are doing to us including the Caucasian children and minority https://t.co/Twn7t9YjqF
https://t.co/u6DQ0M9KbM
https://t.co/8Kmdr0NmIN
Whom ever have control over my phones they are able to edit my pictures such as faded it away what they have done to me in order to cover their butts. I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE THAT IS GOING THROUGH IT!! Pic such as these
What happened to my niece at the Pinellas county school board
https://t.co/JhNh09XiGY
Look  what they did to my Dad pic last name night that past away looking over me in Heavens https://t.co/qjVcL5Xyof
@ABC That was exactly what I was thinking 
@terrycrews @tariqnasheed Lol 
@KamalaHarris I could not have said it any better. 
@KamalaHarris Congratulations  I am shocked . 
@JColeNC @Giannis_An34 
@TitusONeilWWE That is politics 
@MSNBC I agree 
@thehill Could Be because he doesnt have the black swoop when he visited us in FL. It really fit him. 
@KamalaHarris I completely agree and I have nothing else to say. 
@sahluwal @therealmelisa_ That exactly how it is. It a shame that it been a race war we just never thought or realize it since Hitler
@RepColinAllred @texasdemocrats @dallasnews I agree 
@Jim_Jordan @SpeakerPelosi I doubt its about stopping the President. It about the administration plans that doesnt make sense to all parties involve including the  ones that doesnt vote.
@RepAdamSchiff I completely agree close; 	Reopen the Government Mr. President
I got the message from LMC and Largo middle school! https://t.co/ZyZmsHTpkW
2nd grader!!
My brother called mrs. Bynes to find out what happened. She simply said my niece got in the business on her own will but what did it said in Pinellas county school and student of Conduct ??? They cant not blamed an 8 yr for theis mishaps unless they wanted it to happened
My niece has tutoring every Wednesday and Thursday my brother and I was not notified that there were a cancellation today to pick her up. They have both our number in the system. I believe these children are being touch at the school
They did that to my mother and my cousin
It is not a funny matter at all because if they are doing that to me, how many other unaware of their evilness do they do that to ex.  surgery or weight watchers, the gym, medical issues. We are not the ONLY ONE . I dreamed of it too many time for me to keep silent
My son doesnt eat much, theyve been feeding him chemical since Ridgecrest Elementary to increase his weight and not slim down. Today his right breast is bigger than the left. He is currently at Largo middle school in Pinellas County
You noticed how his left lower back is darker then the rest of his body;  I guess they just testing it to see if it works to darken black peoples skin color like they did me in NY city
Nothing really changed with the peoples that were set out to hate their own kind of Root or tree  since the beginning they try to eliminate black peoples on this planet 
Unless they cut the amount in my pain meds.. As you can see my right side is still swollen. What are they doing to us?
Now they are using cream since they experimented on me with the pain meds https://t.co/uojfTAWZvP
They came to my home and took all his new under garments Ive brought him and his clothes pervious in the mouth of February of 2018. I understand this HANE brand is symbolized HANG OR GAY in the area I am in. If they are touching my school in his sleep I am unaware of it like me https://t.co/Hs15tRpvW7
Yes I understand my son has eczema. He did not go to largo middle school like that this morning. He just came home took his shirt  off to show me the type of damaged they can do to black minority here in the State by HCA Largo medical hospital. They put it in his drink, food  https://t.co/YnYiw7nY5d
Murder on my life. Still today they are following, harassing me for apparent reason. I believe they have cameras  in my home although we dont do anything. They send people to search my home all the time when I am not home..
Did the State of Florida passed a new bill for a non minor traffic stop  (brother; driving while black) because he doesnt have a bumper on his truck to asked him for insurance card? I a bit confused. My bill is about to be due and hes paying all the bills due to the attempt
It take more than an Average person to do my teeth like that and my tongues. They dont work on me when I am awake. It seem to me only when I am sleeping . How and why am I not aware of that. https://t.co/tQEGDK4kGq
@KarenCivil They never have an adequate to what they do. They just following Orders
@jonathanvswan @marcorubio @guypbenson @POTUS Its not about denying President Trump Administration &amp;others the win for the border. Its about the principal of the matter of this case.The price is outrageously Incredibly too high.Let put the amount they asking for the boarder into college grant and K-12. School system need it
@TaranaBurke @ogunspirit Are you standing for black women and girl by holding these white men accountable for their actions. As we all know through history what they used to do to the women as well as the men. What about the Catholic Church? Who run the Catholic church? 
@tariqnasheed @JackPosobiec And they have specific questions to ask with no answer
@tariqnasheed Lol 
@tariqnasheed I cant recall any!!
@GrahamLedger Of course you will not be in favor of it. I do understand that you know how federal programs works for Caucasian not everyone involves.Which make it difficult for our great president to make a big difference for everyone sake. Whats it about the wall they desperately want?
Since 2014.I know now my son aunt wanted to have power of attorney over me in order to make mental and financial decisions on my life and my son.What is these officials hiding?at that age I wasnt thinking of getting into Govt but nursing. How many other have they done that 2?
Why do I kept dreaming of people talking about  committing me to a Mental Health Facilityas a punishment!! It has been a few wk now. Is that what they do now? Commit innocent  civilians with no mental health issue as a punishment. PTSD is not major depression or schizophrenia
@washingtonpost No wall! This wall is very expensive, it actually more funding than federal grants for college students and K-12. 
@tariqnasheed That is true. 
I do apologize that I sometimes talk about RACE but its always about RACE and its the only way I can comprehend sometime. I had to learn that the hard way; it was not easy!. 	Brought tears  to beautiful light in sun  dark at night cocoa eyes  https://t.co/9DffCOeTLY
They Prefer for a black teacher to teach in all white institution to educate their students (son &amp; daughter) as opposed ( black student) to the one  that is not bias or prejudice towards their own kind that might save their life one  day. 
Plus black teachers get paid increasely less than white teacher so they are forced to find other profession. Ex. My sons school K-5 grade, they were no black teacher in a primary black neighborhood &amp; primary black students to continue to dumb down these students. 
Regarding my thought on the Fl classroom teacher shortages is the pay and the funding in these school/ institution. The more white students in these school the more funding the get. The less white in these school is the less funding for these school especially in the South.
That would a really big change for all voters if they open the primary to independent voters in Fl and other State as oppose to 2 party that they force to choose a side which is republicans and democratic. 
The Southern state such as Mississippi, Georgia, Arkansas, Oregon, Texas. How would law enforcement know who is who? 
I dont agree with this new house bill 6007 college campus carry which would allow Guns on Campus because its has been college particularly white student that has been committing these homocide on campus with their gun license.Furthermore the other 12 state are confederate states
@MikeDeeson Could it also be the same companies that give him trouble unaware to bail him out to have an I OWN YOU kind of mindset...
@GovRonDeSantis Their is always job listings but they dont hire them. I believe the unemployment rate is higher than that. Is there is anyway we can calculate the job hire, unemployment rate by the number of households, city and county to really get an accurate number? please 
@MikeDeeson You are completely right. Could it be the people that Bailed him out several time, voted for him and supported him could be the reason why hes fighting so hard to build the wall such as these big corporations from Europe. For instance the companies that start with wal 
@marcorubio Finally brother &amp; sister whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is Lovely , whatever is admirable-If anything is excellent or praiseworthy-think about such things 
@marcorubio @NicolasMaduro Where is the translation of this article? 
@GrahamLedger Plus majority of black peoples doesnt live up to their retirement age for medicare. So where does that money  go? #Taxpayer  I almost didnt live to see my 30th birthday
@GrahamLedger Who is we do as we all know black minority pays more tax than others. They also charge blacks double or triple for the same thang as opposed to others. 
@KamalaHarris I agree . Even with health insurance some still doesnt get the same treatment and care but run up the bill (tab)
@coleyworld Well majority of Americans live by those list you just listen to be in politics or ceo or etc
@parscale At first I didnt understand. 2nd time I was able to Comprehend it. Brick by brick then you will be out of brick.. 
@derekwillis @AOC Why is that? Can you please elaborate.. 
@NBCPolitics I find that ridiculous. I guess vacation is more important than what the speaker of the house have to do as work. It could also be a form of retaliation against the govt  shut down for not the funding the border wall.. 
@AP South Carolina I dont agree with the tablets for inmates because it another way to monitor them, it will get hack all the time and its no privacy of what they viewing or streaming. Give them books paper and pencil . 
@AP Too many say that  The last thing they wanted to do is kill a black boy or man with no consequences..
@AP Just 7 yrs for a murder? Thats less than a drug case minimum sentence..  
@tariqnasheed #FirstThem
@tariqnasheed You dont want to know my experienced regarding that at the all white Institution college, hospital &amp; health care. I came in and all eyes  was on me. Good and bad I dont even know why! 
I dont know what else they have done to me, my niece or my son. As you know sleeping  gas have a person unconscious around their surroundings
New chipped happened last night and over lapping my bottom teeth and separating my tooth to be single from where I have gotten an extraction. Police are involved for more than 10 yrs now!! As I got order I started to put 2 and 2 together with knowledge and wisdom
They have been coming in my home working in my mouth . They are chipping my tooth one  by one and editing it on Snapchat and regular camera . They used sleeping gas in order to come to the home w/ keys in hand to work on us as my niece.. https://t.co/aQejGyCbYg
@tariqnasheed That is true. That is their tactics
There must be a consequences for those Caucasian officers and higher up actions against the black minority that are being force /coerce to do illegal stop, being lied to and etc. I have experienced it too many time. Enough is Enough. https://t.co/2Jp1Muu5vl
I shared that video twice on Facebook but it didnt process. I also tag Hillsborough and Pinellas county judicial Center. The stopwas illegal!!Key word Insurance card on you since when do they ask for insurance card for an illegal stop?Am I wrong since I am not an attorney
I am not able to share that video for some off reason. Another patrols car got behind him whom were 2 Caucasian officers. One got out to approached my car till he noticed I was taking video. He stop  half way to my vehicle. Trying to hide from the video. The Latino was forced
On November 29,2018 	An Latino followed me as I pulled out from Hurican grocery store. He proceeded to followed me on I-275 till turn his siren on to stop  me. I pulled over to the side, he asked me for license registration and insurance card he stated my tag was expired
@marcorubio Amen 
@tariqnasheed #FirstThem
@tariqnasheed #FirstThem
@tariqnasheed Omg . Imagine that in a school system..
@nowthisnews @SenGillibrand Side way video of your face. It shouldnt how pointy a person nose is in order to be a president or run to be a president.. 
@nowthisnews @SenGillibrand I feel like theyre forcing more on your nose  not what you campaigning for. Is it just me?
@SenGillibrand Really? Wow  Im impressed
They come to my home to taunt and Harass me. Every day they come into my home where I and my children place their head to sleep  started at location when I moved in Jan 2017. Little by little they were damaged the house and our personal items https://t.co/ybT248tGiK
@business Why is there strip on that video. Are you telling me I am going to be arrested? And it not the first time they did that. First was at SPC Clearwater campus doing my class work and homework ... 
@marcorubio It shouldnt be about whether a party won, it should be about we the people best interest 
@marcorubio Where they coming from and why? Whats going in in their country? Is there some issue there whose causing them? 
@tariqnasheed There is excuse for his actions because he knows he will get off Scott free.
@LeeJasper @_MyBelovedSon Hes a fraud. Maybe if they wasnt putting certain chemicals in the air, food, water and diseases black peoples might prove his theory wrong. Which they have several time. How old is he again? He based theory by co workers now? 
@maiamimi I am so confused . Is he building the war because of human trafficking?
@essenviews I find it hard to believe they dont care about their paycheck.. then again it might be in their savings 
@realDonaldTrump To much going on. It is difficult to deal with it so one  must find a way out whether it physically, mentally or emotionally 
@realDonaldTrump Oh I understand now. In order to be in the know the snow  must be falling?
@realDonaldTrump I am trying to decipher it. 
@tariqnasheed OMG 
@tariqnasheed @McDonalds This is exactly what I am talking about the used the people of color such African American, white hispanic, hispanic, Indian, biracial against us.. I was told it easier that why because it keeps their hands  &amp; heart  clean directly but indirectly is something else
@tariqnasheed @McDonalds What the reason why they (the white peoples) dont say Kracka on their music as oppose to African Americans. Why do white peoples sing along with rap music saying Nigga and not call themselves kracka or nigga
@tariqnasheed @McDonalds Spanish guy?
@drninaansary I agree 
@marcorubio Did you do your investigation of the adopted children that was taken from the hands of their biological parents in order for them to make money off them? Especially the children of color.. Their is a pattern and they has been going on for long time since they want more money 
And the same thing happened at Winn Dixies when I was 17 yr old. My brother has been working for them for over 10 yrs now.
Could it be possible in the yr of 2016 after Wild splash event.  On my way to the after party I purchased a sandwich  at WAWA on Gulf 2 bay Rd they added something in my food for me to faint at club Skye (Ks), No security guard assist me but the Informant they send after me.
My symptoms were dizzyness, weak, forgetful, no appetite. I recalled I would have to lay down for a few hrs, I couldnt stand. They used to asked me questions regarding some of these symptoms whenever I go for my check up.
@SenRickScott  Kill them slowlythat I dreamt we cant no longer kill them by one  people are noticing now
@SenRickScott I think  what we have going on here mr. scott is that these people live is more important than building an imaginary wall. I did get the message yesterday. Has it been you all along. 15 yrs?
I used to always be ligh headed I couldnt understand why and when I go to te Doctor  they say nothing is wrong. I Fainted a few time
Such as this. When they remove a few of your senses such as smell, taste bud how can you tell what it is. https://t.co/f5My6zj8es
Which reminds me when I was 17 yrs  living on Starkey Rd and park street I was getting  sick and losing weight. Little did I know they were people coming inside home to put chemical in our food without our knowledge
I went to Pinellas county judicial center center they told me to remove my shoes  yo go through the mental detector to see my socks . The were a chair for us to sit, Next the chair they were a penny and a small rock. I couldnt understand it!
They want to fulfill what wasnt completely done many yrs ago. Just like the movie  Salt
Food and the medication that may not be traceable. If we speak up we might lose our life or taken to jail or prison. I am talking about white, and black minority. I believe the German made a deal with some State that the president may not know about. It being kept very quiet.
I keep having Dream they are being force to touch one another so that they can be touch by the adult. Second concern is the Healthcare. The Hospital, community center, health department are actually are making the residents sick and not treat them. They are putting thing in their
They is alot that had been going on in Fl especially Tampa Bay area. The areas of concern is federal, local and state because theyre the enforcement for keeping residents in lines should I say. With that let start with the Elementary, middle school these children are attending
@MarkWarner I do agree except is it not just the president! What the VP and his administration? 
@realDonaldTrump Pay what difference exactly? Mexico  is not as rich as United state of America  and others. 
@realDonaldTrump Why Mexico  has to pay for it? They dont want the wall but you and your administration. Not we the people Recalled it the black Mexican that  build this land as well and others.. 
@maziehirono President Trump, VP and his administration is able to shut it down for the people instead of trying to teach them a lesson. As we all know its we the people not the republicans or the Democrat.
It is possible they are selling these products such as produce from the fresh market to stale or bad market? Is that the reason why their are alot of sick peoples in the United State  as opposed to other country such as 3rd world country or Island . 
Is it just me that the food they are selling us is not good, its BAD not good for us. He brought the meat yesterday in the market.what are they doing to us in order to make their pocket fat. As we all know that is what making us SICK !They sell it in the poor area only https://t.co/A2UqJPTQvS
@tariqnasheed As always. It always has been their tactics to make the victims look bad as opposed to the person (them). As I stated before majority of Caucasian are DL. It could also be a sacrificed; I dont discriminate 
I believe there is something going on in these Health department and community services especially in the South..
They have control of everything this house such the TV, phone , oven, toilet, electric, drinking water and sank...
The neighbors are scare as well that is why they cant say anything..
They are also working on me Spiritually. And I dont know how to protect myself and my family.. who goings to stop or prevent this? Will they wait until one of us die or the whole family? 
There is people coming to my house every day putting stuff in my food to make me sick stealing my under garments and my son as well.I cant go to the police because they are involved.I live in Tampa bay,Fl. Before and after my assault from an officer they have been stalking me
@thehill Border wall is ridiculous!! Waste of fund that can assist the poor..
@marcorubio Really?? False statement in court, does that include police officers? 
@tariqnasheed And Jessica they had been adding things to her drink to 2015 keep her awake 
I noticed they are wearing alot of Strip Ties @ Patrick Hussion News Live. My question is why? Is there something they are doing that they are hiding!!
I dont agree with the ban paper  receipt because you will NOT be the ONLY  receiving it and calculating your money  ins and out... as we all know they hacked into the computer and phone  every minute without your knowledge.Think about;The Gov wants too much control!
Not realizing how bad it was
In class 10am 4/23/18
I have realized HEALTHCARE is nothing but a BUSINESS that doesnt really save life.  each time I had insurance something bad happened to me to get me in their hospital  which they dont treat.. https://t.co/DfGfBY8aRc
I have NO INSURANCE &amp; now the government officials is forcing me to go in the streets to get my meds for my Glaucoma.That was there plan for them to arrest me although they know I need my insurance in order to get my meds and be seen by doctors for my injuries from the officers https://t.co/dzWJ7wP5w0
@PopCraveNet @taylorswift13 I dream of this dress who ever customized it from my style. 
@Chantel95244286 @tariqnasheed Well you never taught me how to write n read  maybe I Need  to register for you class. Maybe if you show your true self that will help a bit!! 
@NPR Did she said 70% afford body part? 
@SenateGOP Can these people afford a one bedroom apt base on the minimum wage right now? I always had at least 2 J O B to be able to pay my rent not including other expenses.  Lets discuss of increasing the minimum wage to $15 so the people will have a chance to survive 
@SenateGOP  wow really? Can you please break it down to me by city, state and county and by races such as African Americans, Hispanic, Asian, Indian, Biracial, Caucasian, Incom brackets and age as well. Thank you .
@SpeakerPelosi @SenateGOP I will have to do some research on that. Thank you 
What is a power of attorney?	What is power of appointment? 	 Tha Angels  save my life!! https://t.co/spUOBOxDs9
@FLGovScott Are you sure it not lower than that? If we have more employment there will be no crime at all then yet there will be less funding for law enforcement which is a fraud..
@FLGovScott Really? Have you made any decisions regarding the registration of the felons for the upcoming election  Mr. Governor? 
@tariqnasheed Could that also be their plans to distribute the black communities of their wrong doing that has been occurring for a long period of time. Where Caucasian get praise for murdering the  African Community while they throw away the key  for others such as minority.
@RealsSeals @tariqnasheed Majority are Caucasian that has no respect for life but their Benjamin. 
@tariqnasheed As we all know that has been their tactics for an extraordinarily long time now since black peoples gain their right to vote and before segregation. I dont condone violence if a human being take a life of another they should be punished for the act they took part of...
@marcorubio Funny . Your sons come from afar and your daughters are carried on the arm. Then look and be radiant, your heart will throb and swell with Joy; the wealth on the seas will be brought to(me)you to the riches of the nations will come. Herds of camels  will cover your land
@kathygriffin @tariqnasheed Really? The better? I find that very Ironic as well because you yourself is not proud of what you done to be where you at currently!! Why the name BECKY? Was is evidence to get these innocent  black boys and men? #ItoldyouSo 
@tariqnasheed #Itoldyouso
@tariqnasheed How hypocritical and Ironic.
@BryanDawsonUSA And they say watch To watch my profanity while our Great  President is worst than I. 
@JohnLegere @TMobile I was a great loyal member of T. Mobile for 4 yrs?? Imagine that!! 
@nowthisnews 
@nowthisnews Private contractors, sure you do?
@ZeinAli77 @ahameedrahman I dont understand it.
@realDonaldTrump @varepall Can we have a bill or legislation to have these employers employ residents for more than 7 mts in order to receive their waiver or tax cut like the employment resident that are on SNAP?
@realDonaldTrump @varepall In the county or areas? Why not 3% ? Mr. President 
@realDonaldTrump @varepall In my pervious J O B they hired a high number of minority workers except there were no hrs for them. It had me thinking  is this the tactic theyve been using for quite a while? What about lowes? Why does it have to be 7 % of unemployments rate for them to receive tax cut
@tariqnasheed Lol  I was confused . He  looked completely different
@tariqnasheed I couldnt believe it.
Blessed is he whose transgressions are forgiven, whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man whose sin the God does not count against him and in whose spirit is no deceit. When I kept silent, my bones wasted away through my groaning all day long. Psalm 32
@marcorubio I will counsel you and watch over you. Do not be like the horse or the mule which have no understanding but must be controlled by bit &amp; bridle or they will not come to you. MANY ARE THE WOES OF THE WICKED but GODs unfailing LOVE Surrounds the man who trusts in him.Psalm 32
@TexanIcon @lukerosiak How do you know that is exactly the FACT? They often fabricate story in order to full fill their own agenda 
@Thisizhowwedoit @dreamhampton I dont understand stand, please elaborate?
@marcorubio Before I comment I will have to throughly read it,  take note and comment base on the truth and the will being of Syria native . So far it sound good.. 
@marcorubio @AlachuaSheriff @UFHealth My prayer  goes to to your family for time of mourning.
@VABVOX @TaranaBurke Is it just R Kelly whom is a black man allegedly had committed these horrific acts. Let talk about history and currently.What is the stat of Caucasian committing these acts as opposed to black male. I dont agree with the # Me too because its racially targeted towards bk male 
@dreamhampton Can you tell me how many innocent  black man that had been accused of rape and criminals activity for simply for being black?? Can you tell me the statistic or convictions of a Caucasian men that has been accused of rape of a black women whom get off scot free?
@dreamhampton @djmoma @tracetvHD Why do they always send your own kind to commit a murder such as physical, emotionally and spiritually? 
@dreamhampton Are we still negro today? Who are teaching our children  especially in the South? Who control the system of justice and liberty  for all? 
@CNBC Congratulations to @NancyPelosi 
@marcorubio Naked I came from my mothers womb and naked I will depart. God gave and he has taken away. May the name of the God be praised. Job1 
@marcorubio You do have the knowledge of the Holy one 
@WORLDSTAR Lol  hes eating healthy . Sure you are
@Liz_Wheeler How many African Americans (people of color) been killed in the hand of the police enforcement? Let do better next yr..can I please get the report or the statistics of what religion, incom, or social status and education of these women whom decided to used their woman rights
@O_DuBBZ_YuH Smh
@lukerosiak How much money did the Cabinet blow? 
@Tnt16000 @tariqnasheed If that was the case they wouldnt be editing the video. Its like someone else putting words in his mouth to cause chaos in the country, community to say Hispanic vs African Americans when in reality its not the case at all. To   distract us from the real agenda. 
@KamalaHarris Key words they are being used as bargaining chip. They must be strong and stay firm. They have perviously used that tactic before havent they?
@tariqnasheed Is it or is this been video edit. Pay close attention to his mouth movements
Within 2 days I stated to see the change with my scalp with this new H115 med. It started with scabs on my forehead edges area.  At that time I havent washed my hair yet and NO I didnt have a shampoo change
You noticed the meds label: S226 to 115. Dec 4 2018 was the first  time Ive takes 115 which caused me to start to lose my hair, started with my edges!!
Look  what the meds from CVS HAD done to my hair; within a couple days I noticed the change in my scalp, my meds only last me 2 wks not 30days due to the level of strength in my meds. HOW CAN WE CONTINUE  as client/CUSTOMERS TO PUT OUR TRUST AND LIFE IN THESE DOCTORS HANDS? https://t.co/xwS8QWAaMH
Heather Heyer was a victim of right wing white supremacists. Over the past 10 yrs, they have been responsible for 74 + % of the domestic terrorist killing in the USA  while Islamic extremists account for -24% of the murder. 
Old technology and new technology is putting alot of people such as poor, middle class out of work!Can I please get the accurate number of unemployment and job building compare to the loan these people has taken out for a trade/vocational institution to get a better JOB?
@TheHeat001 Youre speaking individually when it should be in a group because one man cannot control systemic racism but in a group than can.Ex. Adolf Hitler,did he commit mass murder by himself or in a group? Youre Right; Its is not ok to takes anyone life! Is it just SA that need help?
@TheHeat001 Sorry for your lose!! All life matter? Who created black life matter? Who or what group has been killed everyday in the streets by Caucasian? Who have been mass incarcerated, injured &amp; murder due to systemic racism? Of course it politically motivated everywhere not just SA.
@tariqnasheed That sounds like the person officer  that attacked me. To me it seemed overkilled and very much so PERSONAL!!! 
It is true statistically proven immigrants as a group is less likely criminal than native? Is it true Caucasian are more prone to criminals activities than Black minority? @POTUS @VP 
@realDonaldTrump I am elated that these 2 president were able to stand down and conversed about the betterment of their people and their country. 
@o_mariawalker7 @GrahamLedger That make sense. Let discussion collge Institutions, who or what race has been found in these mass shooting of innocent  students? Lets go back to the early 1900s... 
I was the first to tell Zion, look, here they are! I gave to Jerusalem a messenger of good tidings. I look  but there is no one  no one among them to give counsel no one to give answer when I ask them. See, they are all false! Their deeds amount to nothing. Isaiah 41
@marcorubio Here is my servant who I uphold, my chosen one  in whom I delight; I will put my spirit on him/her and he/she will bring justice to the nations. Isaiah 41 
@marcorubio @POTUS @StateDept 
With 90% of colleges limit free speech? Does that mean they are taking our first  amendment away slowly by surely. What the the reason they created the constitution and the bill of rights for citizens, residents and aliens from another country.  https://t.co/fhhf1k3fvM
@tariqnasheed 
@tariqnasheed This is what the rap music (entertainment industry) do them.. yet they all always right... 
@GrahamLedger What do you think ? Is building the wall more important than the high education of this country that we are lacking as Americans? 
@tariqnasheed Smh 
@KamalaHarris Can we please discuss how the federal is support more for profit school than a community college?Its seem like these communities colleges is behaving more and more like for profit college!Why is that? What happened to the 50/50 rule?Can we amend it to 70/30 rule?@realDonaldTrump
@tariqnasheed Maybe if she had a shirt  on people (men n women) will take that message seriously . Those words are irrelevant but hot air. Its how you carry yourself and what you portray to other including how you dress . 
@tariqnasheed Sure they are 
Why is it at the high end stores such like Macys doesnt provide any Black owned clothing lines? Its 2018 is it way to discriminate against the black minoritites that works for them. I was looking for  Akoo till they say we dont provide these brand here. Oh @Macys
@tariqnasheed Early this morning @tariqnasheed I needed the laugh .
Why is okay  for CORPORATIONS to steal hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars from the poor and its not okay for the poor to do the same. Just like when they used to steal my overtime.They only able  see the fault in others but not themselves!@marcorubio @tariqnasheed
To reply back if it was the amount that I withdrawned. I confused  here; is someone calculated the lil bit of money that I have in my account although I didnt received my commission from my employer..
I am a bit puzzled  yesterday I went to my bank ATM to do a withdrawal. It prompt me to go inside. The teller asked for my ID to make sure its me before she hand me my funds. Within 15-30 min I received a text message they been a withdrawal for this amount from my bank 
I just opened a new bottle of my eye  drop. Its burning  my eyes than before till tears running down my face. Is it possible they added sometime to my eye drop since theyve been entertaining my home?They tend to leave something behind to let me know theyre here!
@DogDeplorable @Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck How did the name United States came about?
@DogDeplorable @Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck Well in that case Can I please have the statistic of immigrants migrating to the Un - United States  of America. From my understanding majority of immigrants are Caucasian. Am I wrong? 
@NYCMayorsOffice @NYCHealthCommr It an outstanding speech; I admire it. hopefully you, your partners and colleagues will be able to improve the community as a whole without bias and prejudice as others. 
@ChrisLu44 That is completely uncalled for @ Trump there shouldve been at least  democratic present  to the white house. 
@ThePerezHilton Me too
@joshscampbell You never know these days. Thats what bring excitement to the social life. 
@kathygriffin Thats a possibility...
@mschlapp I didnt see it coming. I thought  it was Hillary Clinton
@ABC @jonkarl The  amount will exceed the actual budget for building the wall. There is more things we can do with that amount; From what Ive been observing it seem like theyre taking from the poor to build this wall such as foodstamp, college tuitions, housing rent increase and etc 
@c_apharnau_m @RFERL Really? Why work overtime if you dont need the money to pay bill? 
@tariqnasheed @TheApxMusic I was shocked  to find out you can sign   I said wow  I impressed.
@tariqnasheed I completely agree @tariqnasheed 
Praise be to the name of God for ever and ever. Wisdom and power are his/her. He changes times and seasons;he sets up Kings and deposes them. He gives wisdom to the wise and knowledge to the discerning. He reveals deep &amp; hidden things. Daniel 2 I thank and praise you God 4 wisdom
@marcorubio Nebuchadnezzar had dreams; his mind was trouble and he could not sleep. Daniel 1 
@tariqnasheed Both words are negative yet they the elite, millionaires and billionaire only promote the N word so they can feel powerful to continue to belittle us consciously &amp; subconscious not realizing it 
@tariqnasheed Isnt that the reason why they signed a contract where they promote them (the artist) to say the N word so they can sign along and not the C word. Now what the difference between the N and C word? If it just a song. Why it is allowed for the negro to say the N and not the C word?
Even then these ex  or current police officials are too safe themselves. What must we do?? 
Can we please get the number of Caucasian and black that currently enrolled in Obama affordable care? My employer didnt remind or announced about enrollment for insurance for 2019!! That how I ended up forgetting about enrolling for insurance working these hours.
I often wonder why the republicans want to get rid of the Obama care since 2015, it is because of the term Obama care due to the fact the previous president is a Black Men that the elite hates? I completely agree with the question and answer. 
@c_apharnau_m @RFERL Are they withholding paying these workers for their overtime??? Would like to work over time and not get paid during your pay weeks? Isnt that the reason they working overtime to pay their bills? 
@MrChuckD That is just like the law they almost for the black people in the military
@tariqnasheed Expose these racist for them to finally realize they are out in the open. Like the ones that smile in my beautiful face n talk behind my back counting my head for jail/prison and even death . God is with me all the time!! 
@marcorubio Amen. Suppose there is a righteous man who does what is just &amp; right. He doesnt defile his neighbors wife or lie with a woman during her period. He doesnt commit robbery but give his food to the hungry &amp; provides clothing for the naked. Ezekiel 18 
Could it be possible that is the reason why they are delaying felons registering to vote due to the election in March? @ Ron DeSantis. There are not doing the will of the people stated by Mike Deeson
Why must we the people must wait for Amendment 4 to be restored for felons to gain their voting right untill March after the legislature meet? The law should go into effect in the new yr January 8 as stated by the People. The key word here is completion of term.@ Ron DeSantis
@GovRonDeSantis Will there be a paper trail for the funds allocated for the rebuilding of FL from Hurricane Micheal? How did they do from Hurricane Irma? Will there be a comparison &amp; contrast of the funding of these 2 hurricanes? 
Regarding if they should allow staff (school security personnel shocked) to carry gun on them? It should be a well trained ex police officer or resource officer because they will have prior experience in situation such as those and know combat move to bring them down.
@marcorubio They took the money and  run to raise a rent 20% to minority that working paycheck to paycheck. Everything must be accounted for down to the pennies from now on with prove and No excuses. Enough is Enough.
@marcorubio This is similar to the townhouse I am renting when the hurricane Sept 2017 did alot of damaged. I didnt received anything from FEMA and the landlord just but a bandage to the problem instead of fixing the problem since we moved in although shes receiving her rent on TIME. Smh
@kylegriffin1 As we all know Russian /German had helped President Trump several times before he was the President so I just figured he just wants to pay them back but to what expense of the American people like myself and you.
@gary_hensel Amen 
@TheEconomist I believe it was a political move in every party that was involved to put pressure on China regarding the Trade Goods deal and etc. 2 wrong does not make it wrong.
@brithume I think they should (American) pay their debt their own to other countries such as China instead of borrowing from Pete to pay Paul to build this war that will eventually accumulate incom after 5 yrs when the people need the incom NOW.. 
@marcthiessen @brithume The question everyone is asking is why withdraw from Syria now? What the real reason? 
@tariqnasheed Big Applaud for him and shout it. It not too many of them in the precinct that has the courage,  bravery and the compassion to stop  something like that. 
@RFERL That law is ridiculous!!!  how are they going to pay their bills with the delay of payments for the hrs these workers worked for..
@Mediaite I agree with him!! Whats right is right and whats wrong is wrong. How do they sleep at night? 
@JarvisGoogoo @thehill That make sense
@Pajjr2016 I kind of figured out nothing for nothing is nothing.
@BleacherReport Thats ridiculous
@GrahamLedger The question is how are they going to fund the wall? Isnt the USA  already in debt? Have they made a way to decrease what they own so far? Do you have to take from paul to pay pete for the wall? 
@GrahamLedger A jail bar? The same bar you wont want to be in the other side of? Very interesting! How long have your family have been native here in USA? How many generations? 
@GrahamLedger I dont like these pictures at all. What the reason????? Its not the first time I have seen it and also in other pages. 
@chrislhayes I bust out laughing 
@chrislhayes @brendanomelia What can you do if they (republicans &amp; Democratic) doesnt want to meet in the middle. Where is the compromise between these 2 group for the betterment of the people in America of United State? 
@KariJoys @ActionComplete @PowerofPositive That makes perfect  sense!! 
@thehill @PressSec What about the illegal in the court / Judicial system  and administration itself? How can you say they doing wrong when the whole time  youre doing wrong. - + - = - 
@tariqnasheed I knew there was more con that a pro..
@marcorubio I find that hard to believe!! Please show me the document with the dollar amount... 
@Denver_Brennan @marcorubio What about the $ billions the own the Chinese?
@marcorubio That means sense but what about the debt the American own to China ? Could it be possible that is why they ending the war in Syria  because the President refused to pay them and would rather build a war to possible go to War? What about the 2 Chinese hacker? 
@tariqnasheed A drunken tongue  tells the truth
@marcorubio Thank you all whom have work diligently on this case for him to see a few more yr of sun  before God call him hime. 
@marcorubio I agree  it took 70 yrs for False imprisonment case to finally come to JUSTICE! Question: is that really justice for him? All these yrs in prison that he will not get back and how many others are just like his case? Why havent Race Scott make a decision yet??? 
@marcorubio Proverbs 25. My fav passages. As a north wind brings rain, so a SLY TONGUE bring angry looks. Better to live on a corner of the roof than share a house with a quarrelsome wife. Like a muddied spring or a polluted well is a righteous man who gives way to the WICKED. 
@marcorubio If you find honey  eat just enough- too much of it, and you will vomit. Like a club or a sword or a sharp arrow is the man who gives FALSE TESTIMONY against his neighbor.If your enemy is hungry give him food to eat; if he is thirsty,give him water to drink. God will reward U
@marcorubio Whats the war really about? From my understanding there were no Isis. It was created to fight with them for natural resources and money. Am I wrong? 
@marcorubio Whenever it something about ending a war I will gracefully approve the retreat of that country(s). To many had passed on,  currently injured  and the cost of war is quite enormous. Lets us all have peace  on earth .
@DeepStateExpose Because he wants to
@tariqnasheed Who the real victim here? The asian or the black kid? Who did the wrong? Me or the officer  they are covering for and setting me up for? Where is my JUSTICE!!
@TorraineWalker He need to wake his ass up !! #	What planet is he in?? https://t.co/1wKZv8V0kX
It is not only old who are wise, not only the aged who understand what is right. Therefore I say: listen to me; I too will tell you what I know. I waited while you spoke, I listened to your reasoning; I gave you my full attention. Job 32 @realDonaldTrump
I am young in years, and you are old; that is why I am fearful, not daring to tell you what I know. I thought Age should speak; advanced yrs should teach wisdom but it is the spirit in a man the breath of the Almighty that gives him understanding. @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump With employment for these immigrants / citizens will boost the economy from all level. I am talking about local, state and federal level. Let have more positive affect/effect for the immigrants ancestors have built this country for which is positivity on all levels 
@realDonaldTrump It is like looking through a mirror glass. The have and the have not for a better /not opportunity for their families..	Immigrants that migrate here in the state is looking for opportunity of employment, housing, education and self sufficient for their families. ...
@realDonaldTrump You will be recognized/ applause for those you have given a second chance under your administration if they live up to the moral of your legislation/bill youve suggested for a better them than before with training, career and being able to provide/protect for their family
@marcorubio I will have to do some research regarding that, I will get back to you shortly.. 
@marcorubio These are the people of the province who came up from captivity of the exiles whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had taken captive( they returned to Jerusalem &amp; Judah each to his own town in company w/ Zerubbabel,Jeshua, &amp;etc the list of men of IsraelThe Levites,The singers
Or Is it the vape itself? 	@JeromeAdamsMD what is the affect &amp; effect of using the vape and not using it?
I completely agree with the E of use of E-cig with minor and adult as well. It rapidly affects the(throat)pharynx due to the harsh chemical in the liquid. My question is,is it the same as CBD oil cartridge&amp;pen. I do understand the CBD oil is natural not artificial @JeromeAdamsMD
@RandPaul And so on. The hiring companies themselves are more prone to hiring a white felons than a black with a degree. Why is that? Can you please elaborate...
@RandPaul They must be a guaranteed from these companies that will be receiving a tax cut for employment from these offenders. They must keep an accurate record of it and not be bias and prejudice in their hiring. They can even the board out of hiring out. For ex 20 w, 20 blk, 20 A, 20 His
@SenSchumer I do agree. Whats the trade off  to that? Whats the con? There is always a positive and negative in a legislation.. 
@IvankaTrump I really like the first step act!!	Can we discuss increasing the minimum wage to $15/hr through out the country. I thought McDonald employees get pay $15 till I find out today they dont. I was going to apply for a position at McDonald. It will diff boost the economy
@tariqnasheed Negro- A member of the negroid racial division of mankind, esp, 1 belongings to the tribes inhabiting central &amp; S Africa. 	Niger- A republic of central Africa. Treat people how you would like to be treated young lady. Because you are no different from the adj blacks. 
@WWArticles @Nappy8254 @tariqnasheed Yea like the children they take / separate out the home. 
@WWArticles @Nappy8254 @tariqnasheed What the about the remain of the Titanic ship  that was under  water. Was it a proud discovery or not
@WWArticles @Nappy8254 @tariqnasheed What about those artifacts that the Caucasian have stolen to claim it theirs. Dont you feel proud when its a false discovery of your people. 
@tariqnasheed I agree  p u t some respect on his name!! Hes a junior. You cannot crown  yourself as the King unless someone crown YOU!! 
@realDonaldTrump Didnt get insure had to pay for it during tax season. There is a reason why they choose not to because they cannot afford it depending on their dependents and family incom. 
@realDonaldTrump To tell you the truth I really like Obama because it helped millions of Americans and residents.Existing pre medical issues is what the people needed for their insurance/ doctors offices. You cant deny  it because it help me! I didnt like the fact that those who
@realDonaldTrump That sounds like my case with St Petersburg college. I guess they learned it from some where and continue to do do.. 
@realDonaldTrump So does the government. Remember I told the story on my social media regarding the Social workers. 
@realDonaldTrump I am a bit confused. Please explain
@marcorubio I quoted from myself. 
@marcorubio What is the way to the abode of light? And where does darkness reside? Can you take them to their places?  Do you know the paths of the dwellings? Surely you know, for you were already born! You have lived so many years. With no knowledge of true self and wisdom from the Godly
@OldParaTRP @marcorubio Amen  what can he do when hes around a bunch of vultures!  
@KamalaHarris Do you hunt the prey for the lioness &amp; satisfy the hunger of the lions when they crouch in their dens or lie in wait in a thicket? Who provides food for the raven when its young cry out to God and wander about for lack of food? @POTUS Job 38
@KamalaHarris That will be something The people/masses will always remember  of the current president doing for his (all) people of this country around the world. That will be a spectacular Achievement of President Trump! @POTUS
@KamalaHarris I completely agree! That is why we must continue to talk/negotiate with congress and businesses about rising the minimum wage for $15 through the country. It is only righteous by helping the poor for God people!  it will not only be 1 sides, it will also help the economy
@tariqnasheed You completely right . It just a different training for blacks dont give a f**k training for blk  minority  because there is NO CONSEQUENCES FOR THEIR ACTIONS because chief of police is protecting them as well as the Judges.
@KnautzMatthew @RealCandaceO Possibly 
@tariqnasheed Tell me about it!! The jaw and bone structure tells them it an African descent unless they want other wise
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck I am a bit exhausted  tonight.
@gillibrandny @FAANews Have you noticed the different between the New York airport And Tampa bay Airport ? 
@realDonaldTrump Never say never
@realDonaldTrump Really?
@marcorubio Am I only a God nearby, and not a God far away? Can anyone hide in secret places so that I cannot see him/her? Do not I fill heaven and earth? 	
@marcorubio Lets not talk about stock its only for rich,  wealthy and class. 
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck How is putting $ 125 billion on a wall helping the poor? Isnt that spending more  to get nothing in return?
@KnautzMatthew @RealCandaceO You sure know how to change the subject . I give that to you . Good Job
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck Are we really caring for our own poor or do they take advantage of the poor? How will the wall pay for itself? Is it a money  making wall or just a wall to divide?
@NeilTrahan2 @CLTFal @KamalaHarris Oh really I thought  it was the big Elephant  in the room that people refuses to bring to the dinner  table or morning coffee . 
@GehlertLaurie @realDonaldTrump What if the Government is the oppressor for certain group, race, status, and income or class.
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck That is true, there is also other good reason the boarder is only open to certain race, ethnicity and Incom.
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck Look  who you preaching to? Let talk about his country along USA  how did it come about? How many state where there? Did black peoples in the early 1900 consider to ge a citizen or a property of the owner? Let talk about Germany, when Hitler were a dictator in 1933- 1945?
@KnautzMatthew @RealCandaceO Amen 
@shaunking That whatve been going around USA . They should be ashamed and return their badges to the superior but then again he might be in it.. 
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck Really than you must know the history of all people not just your people!!
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck Why is majority of veterans thst had served our country are jobless and homeless? 
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck Really I doubt it, so you think using billions of dollars is more affective/ effective on a wall than using it for the poor?? USA  will never give out funds with collateral damage or return somehow or someway. 
@IvankaTrump Really. Having our voice heard?? People die behind that first amendment.
@IvankaTrump I agree  both political parties have /must get together to make America great!! Remove the ego and testosterone -aggression  ... 
@Kim63079511 @sjcloobeck How is that helping the poor when the cost of building the wall is $ 125 billion? Isnt that taking from the poor to prevent more people from living the American dream
@blachandgrenade @tariqnasheed It usually like that!
@tariqnasheed You ever notice how High end stores doesnt carry black products such as clothing line and etc! 
@tariqnasheed Playing dumb was always a code to fulfill their agendas like sitting in the black lady/man as a chair. Until you return that favor. 
@MsMollyRachael I completely agree. You must realized it is more than $5 billion...
@Reuters I read the report I thought it was a fake news
@WeSupport45 @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich Cincinnati? 
@HoodStarzMusic @therealmelisa_ Was it a white girl? Me too campaign?
@BarackObama @sotomayor2020 Interesting. Nothing but trouble with the market place in yr of 2015
@MikeAdamOnAir @ThatsSoNicki @NICKIMINAJ Of course it was it was not a naked video. Children watch it the most and every one  else. It didnt exclude the kids
@The_STJ_Way @tariqnasheed @Quanmack36 
@blachandgrenade @tariqnasheed I agree. Watch she get a slap on the wrist not to do it again! 
@tariqnasheed  she didnt throw any punches . OMG BECCA A CHAIR??!
@KnautzMatthew @RealCandaceO I agree . What if you are force to stay in that lifestyle or move to a suburban to find out the same outcome in a different method (death)? 
@Liz_Wheeler Slipping away
@Liz_Wheeler Let not talk about plan parenthood and the elimination of black peoples. 
@marcorubio Where exactly do you see the economy is booming? Can I please get these statistics by age, race and incom? 
@marcorubio I watched the documentary of American &amp; Iraq. I didnt realize it was part of Baghdad. Too many innocent had die over miscommunication and misinformation
@marcorubio How did the stock market came about?
@marcorubio . Where is your mothers certificate of divorce with which I sent her away? Or to which of my creditors did I sell you? Because if your sins you were sold; because of the transgressions of your mother sent away. When I called,why was there No one  to answer? Isaiah 
@tariqnasheed 
@MichaelAvenatti @FoxNews An evil man is snared by his own sin but a righteous one  can sing  and be glad .
@Alyssa_Milano By Justice a king  gives a country stability but one  who is greedy for bribes tear it down. 
@OMGno2trump A stingy man is eager to get rich and is unaware that poverty awaits him A man who loves wisdom brings joy to his father but a companion of prostitutes squanders his wealth. 
@thehill He/she who rebuke a man will in the end gain more favor than he who has a flattering tongue what does that mean to you all from your own life experiences? 
@marcorubio He who trusts in himself is a Fool but he who walks in Wisdom is kept safe!! 
@marcorubio When the wicked rise to power, people go into hiding; but when the wicked perish, the righteous thrive!! 
@GehlertLaurie @realDonaldTrump Really more like death for those that try .
@realDonaldTrump A tyrannical ruler lacks Judgement,but he who hates ill gotten gain will enjoy a long life.A man tormented by the guilt of murder will be a fugitive till death;let no one support him.He who give to the POOR will lack nothing, but he who closes his eyes to them receives many curse
@realDonaldTrump When a country is rebellious, it has many rulers but a MAN of Understanding and Knowledge  maintains order. A ruler who oppresses the poor is like a driving rain that leaves No crops proverbs 
But who can  stand before jealousy? Better is open rebuke. Than hidden Love. Wounds from a friend can be trusted but an enemy multiplies kisses. He who is fukk loathes Honey  but to the hungry even whats bitter tastes Sweet. Proverbs 27 
Do not boast about tomorrow, for you do not know what a day may bring forth. Let another praise you, and not your own mouth; someone else and not your own lips. Stone is heavy and sand a burden but provocation by a fool is heavier than both. Anger is cruel &amp; fury overwhelming
@tariqnasheed Ok 
@Jim_Jordan Where exactly can I get these facts to do my own research? Please and thank you. 
@SteveScalise @motherofchaosX5 @nikkihaley https://t.co/O9IncbjMAV
@SteveScalise @motherofchaosX5 @nikkihaley where is the evidence? We can not continue to be bias against certain group due to what the Americans people want in the higher level I just read the reportthe origins of the strike was unclear  and they denied it. Not everyone tells the truth in order to start a war.
You said Ive (they must make) made a covenant with the chosen 1(me). I will establish your line forever and make my (your) throne firm through all generations. The heavens praise your(my) wonders O God.Your faithfulness too in the present of the holy one @marcorubio psalm 88 
I will sing of God greatlove forever;with my mouth I will make your faithfulness known through all generations.I will declare that my (your)love stands firm forever.That I (you)established my(your) faithfulness in heaven itself.
@marcorubio That is true I &amp; R that is why we need women and men of vast diversity to be involved in foreign policy to that it wont be more prone to their self interest. I love  Governmental books and involvement of different spectrum of the Govt. 
@marcorubio To go back home where they came from. Which is very hurtful &amp; degrading. For instance Puerto Rico is part of USA (American) look how the non white hispanic treat them during their disaster and I cannot seem to remove the video of trump throwing the paper towels to them.
@marcorubio I like the speech; skillful! Must I remind you some Americans or should I say non Americans citizens only think of their self interest and how to deprive other countries natural resources for their own gain. Because thereve been several videos of Caucasian telling Hispanic to
@CalifCwGrl @NancyPelosi @realDonaldTrump I completely agree by the way his attitude is tell me doesnt care about the Americans people! 
@NancyPelosi @realDonaldTrump What we want who is we?? Is it the people of the USA, alliance, or the enemy? Is USA still in debt from china  ?
@NancyPelosi @realDonaldTrump I dont see a middle ground from Trump at all. All I see is demand demand and threats. If you dont do this, we will do that to hurt you and the people I am governing kind of mindset am I wrong on the that theory?
@NancyPelosi @realDonaldTrump If it must be then that what it will be. It will not be the first sure wont be the last. President Trump need to  really think whos he hurting to get the $25 and + billion  to build the wall his alliances (putin )  want him to build. So many fees and work not enough pays
@marcorubio Could it be possible the Russian and German working together behind close door to finish what they started in 1935 (Hitler) here in the USA?
@nbigas1 @marcorubio Might be me, they almost caused another accident again on the road.
@nbigas1 @marcorubio I doubt it! 
@SenJeffMerkley @realDonaldTrump Not just @POTUS his administration,  Congress and lower level of the government as well. 
@According2Luke The Object of a politician is to serve the public without prejudice or bias and best self interest. I completely agree. There must be a vast diversity in all area of the USA  especially the government officials. 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump Really, can I please see the stats and the evidence of this great result? 
@sjcloobeck He CAN NOT continue to the have the mindset my way or the high way. He have to let his ego go and think  whats best for his people (country) as well as the others(alliances) and around the world. The whole worldis looking at him. #compromise he have to meet them 1/2 way
@sjcloobeck I dont think  President Trump is  ignorant I think hes trying to run this country as he had run his businesses except it is completely different. Too many others countries is involved and the pressure of him being the Great President as he thought  did not go well.
@kylegriffin1 @SethAbramson I wonder why a person have to lawyer up?? 
I thought the cost for BUILDING THE WALL WAS $ 25 BILLION and -/++ ? Am I wrong??? 
@politico 
@IlseMother @scottygirl2014 @GOPLeader @GOP @GOPChairwoman Me too. I was confused
@IanDunt Dreadful, really? . 
@NeilTrahan2 @CLTFal @KamalaHarris Really  the real BETRAYAL is forgetting what your people did and continue to do by turning their head when they see certain people doing wrong and claiming this person is wrong base on the color of their skin tone.  https://t.co/eYi9AYCzVD
@Lbstrdvr6 @KamalaHarris Well I almost didnt celebrate my birthday  this year. Now that is S T U P I D!! https://t.co/hQ7U7oN75i
@JeppTx @KamalaHarris Sure!! Just like hundred of thousand of black minority dieing in the hands Non law enforcement! 
@Tagg1957 @KamalaHarris Sure they do. You were not in the court house with me when I saw what I saw . The question is how many decades has it been going on? 
@DavidHunt2017 @KamalaHarris For instance princess Diane. She was looking for love but what she got wasnt L O V E. I am wondering now if her 2 children are in love  with whom they married! 
@DavidHunt2017 @KamalaHarris Not a big fan of marriage? Of course I am but do you know why marriage came about? People used to get marry because of self interest or family interest and still today.. nobody marry for love especially now. That why I havent got marry yet because I was looking for love
@tariqnasheed @Essence Its ridiculous and redundant!   
@tariqnasheed St8 to R. Kelly old school have nothing on new age
@tariqnasheed 
His word isnt good: Dems dont trust Trump to make shutdown deal https://t.co/F7U6jPgCTN		I was thinkingwhy trump cant take half of his assets to build the wall. How much money are they spending to support allegedly1.7 million undocumented immigrants are those # accurate?
@voguemagazine Beautiful young woman!!
@MarquisAnders13 @therealmelisa_ You teach me n I teach You!!! Not in the state! Its everybody teach their own but us
@MarquisAnders13 @therealmelisa_ Our favorite show
@nick_ayers Wow  seem like a beautiful family. Happy birthday  guy
@PerezHilton Very interesting article. Why is she being so difficult? Is it her DNA? 
I must tame the animals in me that want to scream n listen to good music such as our king  Micheal Jackson 		https://t.co/EZ1FYM9uwC
@RealCandaceO @Candace What are you conservation exactly? Slavery? 		https://t.co/EZ1FYM9uwC
@RealCandaceO https://t.co/nq0yN7JCQg
@HarperJacob3 @RealCandaceO @realDonaldTrump Very interesting
@LifeAsNicolle @RealCandaceO Amen 
@KnautzMatthew @RealCandaceO There is 3 side to a story. Your story, the person story and the ultimate (Godly) truth!!! 
@RealCandaceO Who is endorsing YOU?? let us all be honest here, who put you up to this BS? I still can not go quarters of half a day with out pain meds due to a police brutality!Tell me what Institution you attended? whos your husband? You can not tell me you dont get scare  behind a car?
@RealCandaceO  did she said 16 .000000000000000 Godly that how you feel???  really really  wow  I am speechless . No word will come out now.. 
@RealCandaceO Who are you woman?? Candace?? Put me on the stage so I can tell my story and other un arms black African Americans that had die  the hands  of police  Officers. I myself amost lose my life. You are you campaigning for exactly????? 
@InterminableVi 
@JanetJackson @AppleMusic I love  scream video.
@tyrabanks @hulu @FreeformTV So beautiful 
@tyrabanks @hulu They dont have it in regular cable? 
@Alyssa_Milano Can we all have more details regarding the war in yemen  so we all can make a collective decision on the war. I need more than 1 photos, I need to see the area, live news feed, civilians and etc.
@StormyDaniels Sexy much 
@StormyDaniels @nassaumoliseum @Andyn305 
@StormyDaniels @nassaumoliseum @Andyn305 I like da name
@KamalaHarris Well in order to fight the climate change is to get rid of all those big busses, plants  and etc. 2018 is not getting better and it does not compare to racism.
@KamalaHarris They no longer compete, they just plan to get rid of the competition which is a COWARDLY  move. How can we GET RID OF HER? That is their million dollar  question! 
@KamalaHarris For instance these white woman here and around the world  is sitting, having brunch meeting to find the great  solution to get rid of me. They say my mouth  pieces is like President Trump  I am too honest and theyre NOT. Smh  theyre could do better.
@KamalaHarris To some aspects it is true. Majority of women that are in a powerful position are Caucasian which in turn supports their husband agenda,  pass laws and regulations base on their families best interest not the people to be really frank. 
@KamalaHarris I agree  but you must know America has no morals when it comes to certain race such as black lives doesnt matter.. majority of prisoners in prison are false arresting and sets up. 
@tariqnasheed @USATODAY The point is to let the black people know who is still in charge! 
@FeddiUp 
@ImThatFriend @marcorubio 
@tariqnasheed They only see what black peoples had said and do but to them they get a pat in the back . 
You (I) have taken off your (my) old self with its practices and have put on the new self, which is being renewed in knowledge in the image of it creator GOD . Colossians 3:9 https://t.co/lYUC9bHxke
@marcorubio Still worried about your looks? Remember theyre temporary. Theyll change. So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen. For what is seen is temporary but what is unseen is temporary. 2 corinthians :18. #beautiful soul mio cheri  
Murder innocent black minority like myself. It may be a different method death is death that is the ultimate goal isnt it? How long do you people think you will get away with that? You may be powerful on earth (hell) but in heaven you will not be! Because there is Only  Heaven
Isnt it Ironic how they sit about contemplating how to hurt me or get rid of me even my prince. How much more damage can you cause me they you people havent done to me yet? How dare you sit about complaining, watching my every move to protect those snow as white that murder -
@Pajjr2016 I just read it
@TweeTLeDaMe @realDonaldTrump I am extremely young, dark, beautiful, talented, intelligent ,know how to write and read to some aspect, love everyone, dont discriminate, fighting for everyone not just a certain race or class, open minded, love to learn new thing, open with my sexuality and spiritual.
@TweeTLeDaMe @realDonaldTrump It shouldnt be the lightness of a person skin tone to have a voice in anything here in the USA . What did it say in the constitution? Why wont they allow black peoples to own and have business like other ethnic group such as the jews and Chinese? What is the threat? 
@TweeTLeDaMe @realDonaldTrump Sure my darling. They stay trying to bury me 12 ft under; you dont know how many others say get rid of her now! because I am into politics and I am extremely dark skinned ( like da night sky) unlike yellow skinned for ok .
@TweeTLeDaMe @BoaznRuth143 @ShulenaB @cslarochelle @qdropwatching Is that his son?
@JesseBudlong @TweeTLeDaMe @realDonaldTrump Some even kill you for having a damn voice . Perfect  ex. Jessica Antoine for attending an All white Institution university that is the only school in my southern county. I didnt know I was in the south since I was 15 yrs old  no wonder the bus driver used press on gas
@JesseBudlong @TweeTLeDaMe @realDonaldTrump Well Donald trump got in office because He had a great strategy(my way or no way), great unknown alliances and the people votedfor him because the Caucasian wanted to go back to the old extremist racist days. Capital country as if they not already making billions of the Blk
@tariqnasheed Of course she have the perfect  complexion for protection as oppose to the complexion of the planet of the apes . 
@accessonline I sorry we didnt received your paperwork. I am thinking how the students that had been going - traveling the world to represent the institution as a whole while they not united at home in especially at the instruction. To kevin hurt keep your head up yiu didnt lose anything
@accessonline Till the professor wait for me to leave to tell me I am missing letter of recommendation while the whole time I couldnt open the link for the paperwork. I even send them an email regarding that but nobody seem to know till the first day after the meeting to tell me some oh No
@accessonline How many time should a man apologizes for something in the past. Its as if they wanted him to beg for that position they chose him for. Its just like me I was supposed to be part of the the United National program on campus, I qualify and had everything in at l least I thought
@tariqnasheed The question is he is continuing to make these joke or remarks? No. Then how can you bring his past up if hes only looking forward! 
@tariqnasheed Just like they cant used black peoples struggle as their stepping stone. The struggle was different but some similarity. Ex oranges  and tangerine . What about the struggle black minority continue to go through in the past and still today as a whole not a fraction
@tariqnasheed Majority of famous and wealthy are bisexual or in the closet. I read the book. The industry is full of it but that doesnt make it okay  to tolerate or promoting/ marketing/ forcing their sexuality on us like heterosexual he isnt.
@tariqnasheed How can they feel sensitive base on that joke when their joke are incredibly cruel against us and life/True story. What the real reason here??? 
@tariqnasheed What about the type methods that they used to make these children attract to the same sex. What about the damn church  playing with these children and refusing to date the opposite sex.  
@KevinHart4real Well was there any slave movie  out??? That They want to nominate?They had me watched the Help at the facility as if I didnt watch it at home. I know the lineeat my shii they fired the slave lady because her daughter came to visit her smh .Let not talk about 12 yr of Sl
@tariqnasheed What about the other people that hosted in the Oscar that has done or said thing that was worse than kevin hart I can only assume the looked  the other way. What will they day about mio cheri in a couple years. 
@tariqnasheed This is ridiculous!! That was 8-9 yrs ago.What other parents isnt scared to see that in their son; all joke aside. Let us be Honest here its obviouslysomeone didnt agree with him hosting so the pull the joke card that happened yrs ago so he wont host. Besides its not for US
I received my meds refill on Wednesday. Why am I still in pain such as places that werent hurting before is now hurting me. The pain strength has  been tremendously decreased. I am wondering what going on and also spasms in certain part of my body! 
There is no way we can impeach the current president before and now please just sat your money aside for the next election . His years is almost done  so count it as a lose...
@PrisonPlanet @Liz_Wheeler I saw . Oil and water 
@SenGillibrand I agree just as men have complete control over their body. If there is an issue husband &amp; wife need to discuss it if she feel comfortable enough. At the end of the day It her body not his.. 
@AccuracyInMedia Are you talking about systemic racism or just racial profiling when blacks doesnt buy those expensive car (house) to save energy? I am still confused 
@AccuracyInMedia Really? Climate change will change racism? How are these two comparable? Please do explain because I was confused  for a minute. great speak but it doesnt compare
@chrislhayes Really
@ABC Interesting. I find my hidden talent. COMPASSION AND LOVING! 
@realDonaldTrump I thought the Huawei CFO And deputy chairwoman was a fake news. Good morning Mr. president! 
@ellievan65 No governmental experience at all just like Trump? I can only assume it who you know not that knowledge you have obtained, experienced or strive to be. Congratulations  I hope you live up to your position from internally not externally. 
@marcorubio With my research and get back to you all. I need to get my information from multiple sources to see if they all accurate and reliable. 
@marcorubio Base on what I read so far its a false case against them. We are the taking about chief executive financial (CFO) and deputy chairwoman Daughter of Huawei founder of Mr. Ren Zhengfei. From my knowledge there will be issues with this trade deal thats coming up. I will continue
@TweeTLeDaMe @realDonaldTrump Its OBVIOUS WHO SIDE YOU OWN MR. REPUBLICANS AS OPPOSED TO We THE PEOPLE  stop  pointing fingers and take responsibility for your actions and theirs that you are supporting 
Blue is 1 of my favorite color... https://t.co/YLKWt0Tcr5
ACT ON WHAT THEY SAY, and you MAY AVOID TRADEGY IN LIFE.  I am more than a peasant. I am Godly God child . How do you think you inherited what you have or your parents or great grandparents x4. Does my knowledge affects your wealth that you have not own by yourself?
To say, Ahab learned he was going to die. If only Ahab had listen to Gods prophet earlier he might had a very different end. God made sure that Ahad heard but even when Ahad heard, he refused to believe. Value friends who tell you the TRUTH even when IT ISNT PLEASANT.
Kings 22. Who is a real friend? Someone who tells you what you want to hear? Or someone who tells you the truth? King  Ahab didnt want to hear the truth, so he locked out a prophet of God &amp; invited some prophets of baal to speak. When he did finally hear what Gods prophet had
@tariqnasheed  I am done for today. Wow so hilarious 
@marcorubio The heavens praise your (my) wonders. O God, my (your) faithfulness too, in the assembly of the holy ones. For who in the skies above can compare with the God? Who is the God (Jessica) among the heavenly beings? In the council of the holy ones God is greatly feared. Psalm 89 
@marcorubio I dont know to much about this case. I need more documents and evidence to make a final decision on what I think . Where is the lie detector? 
@EmmanuelMacron I like it. You speak Truth of what you say. 
@EmmanuelMacron It sounds incredibly good but how much help do you or your country intend to help? 
@EmmanuelMacron This is not the pervious President Barack Obama of the USA . 
@KamalaHarris Statistics taught me that. Thank you  my professors  JG
@KamalaHarris Even if that person is wrong. How much did that individual/ student did/ done for that school. For instance Athletes, high achievers or high income parents or donations?
@KamalaHarris Even if they were outside of school investigation. My question is how much of an impact does the school HS/ university have in the community and law enforcement? Could it still be possible they get a slap on their wrists if they are like minded or have the same view
@KamalaHarris To he honest. Not all cases all like that but majority Caucasian woman make false cases due to what their parents might say or do or their husbands and career. 
@KamalaHarris And from my knowledge these Caucasian woman be lying  like snake especially if these black men have something to offer (  money) like the R. Kelly case when he allegedly bath her with the holy water when she probably asked for it to make a case like they are do to be-
@KamalaHarris She then suspended me for making that report of her staffs and her for not doing her J O B. How can I believe anything that is put so well together till it happens to the person it was suppose to protect? I can only guess it only protect theCaucasian not black minority. 
@KamalaHarris Wow . Its always well put on paper until it happens to a black minority like myself. I was being harassed on campus by student And security guard but nobody seem to do anything. I spoke to the Dr Provost about it she didnt have a care in the world about me;
@KamalaHarris Think of or about. It might distract them for a few sec just like a person yelling at the gun man but the damage he will continue. What about self defense classes for H.S and college students. Ex. Instructing how to put the gun man down . 
@KamalaHarris I am not sure if you aware But  majority of the shootings ( university, law enforcement and etc) at the university had a background check And legal guns purchased. What exactly is the hockey thing going to do? I think in a real life situation it would be the last thing they will
I didnt realize my strength within. I give thanks  to GOD, for he is good; his love endures forever. Who can proclaim the mighty acts of the God or fully declare his praise? Blessed are they who maintain justice, who is constantly do what is right (me). Remember me GOD! Psalm https://t.co/JdTSal3xFR
@KamalaHarris I agree  with that. There is no telling how many accidental death in their hands and purposely. Some have no respect for a human being life due to their pre conceived notion of racism and how they were raised by their parents or guardian. Make sure the number are accurate. 
@KamalaHarris That is incredibly TRUE. 
@TweeTLeDaMe @realDonaldTrump Why dont the dems and reps work together for the people as a whole not a fraction instead for the rich against the poor. What / where is the common ground?  whos really representing the people as a whole not by color, ethnicity or race?
@ABC I watched it. Thank you  
@RepMaxineWaters Follow tge money you will find amthe TRUTH
@SenJeffMerkley @realDonaldTrump What about the police force?
@tariqnasheed Uhhh we all know that dont we not all organ (donors) are voluntary I think about my niece still to this day about the food poisoning at her school. Appendix removed.
@marcorubio Let them be placed under the care of Hegai, the Kings eunuch who is in charge of the women; &amp; let beauty treatments be given to them. Let the girl who pleases the King be queen instead of Vashti. This advice appealed to the King &amp; he followed it. Esther 2.
It always sound good in black anf white. The question is do they follow the same rules and regulations that in this particular document here. Look what I had to go through with the institution I was attending with my disability.I was suspended w/no cause whatsoever 1yr into my BS https://t.co/JllPRzPvqL
@marcorubio First to resettle on their own property in their own towns were some Isralites, priests, levites and temple servant. Genealogy of soul  1 chronicles 9-10
@realDonaldTrump Building the wall is just going to force them to cross over or create another route or get kill trying. Psychology. When it open its not that much illegal when it close that when you will have alot if trouble in your hands. I recalled the abortion theory or male contraceptive.
@realDonaldTrump More people will be encourage to work, less in foodstamp, less on housing, hub and medicaid and more travel, the economic will be booming for all parties and of course the money will go back to the local, state and federal level. 
@realDonaldTrump Does funding the boarder exceed the amount you are paying for securing the boarder now and before. Can I please have a total amount and the length of time for this brilliant ideas of the rep  &amp; others building the wall. I saw the documentary of the Texas boarder security ( RP).
@realDonaldTrump You can increase the pay to those that has a certificate and degrees  by a few dollars which will definitely help the economic and decrease unemployment that the tax payer like myself paying for such The prison pipelines and court fees. You will have more money to pay with. 
@realDonaldTrump How about rising the minimum wage to $15 which will create more JOB/career and help the economic such as housing, more consumers, business creation(firms), more money in the bank for the bankers to borrow from  and etc.
@realDonaldTrump @EmmanuelMacron Really? 
@realDonaldTrump What about the bill for the boarder? I thought USA  was in debts, where will it get the funding or bill to pay for building it? 
@Cyclops81 @tariqnasheed Mama say knock you Out !
@eubconsulting @marcorubio Its Greed than power
@marcorubio  Be ever hearing but never understanding; be ever seeing but never perceiving. Make the heart of this people calloused; make their ears dull &amp; close their eyes.Otherwise they might see w/their eyes, hear with ears understand w/ their hearts and turn &amp; be healed. Isiah7.
@ThePerezHilton @PerezHilton @ChrisBooker No I dont think so!
@tariqnasheed That is true
Let evil recoil on those who slander me; in your faithfulness destroy then. I will sacrifice a freewill offering to you. I will praise your name O God for it is good. For he has delivered me from all my troubles and my eyes have looked in triumph on my foes. 
Save me O God, by your name; vindicate me by your might 	Hear my prayer  oh God listen to the words of my mouth. Strangers are attacking me; ruthless men seek my life- men without regard for God. Surely God is my help; God is the one  who sustains me!! Psalm 54
@SenWarren @KathyKraninger @CFPB Its an YES OR NO question. Shes dancing around the questions. Had me yelling at the screen 
@gillibrandny I completely agree. I think  the message they are trying to portray to African Americans is that although they ratified &amp; modified the constitution theyre still are not allow to vote as a majority voting group and the prison pipelines assist with that. 
@marcorubio Psalm 53  
@marcorubio Will the evildoers never learn - those who devour (Jessica) my people as men eat bread &amp; who do not call on GOD? they were overwhelmed with dread, where there was nothing to dread. God scattered the bones of those who attack (me)you; you put them to shame for God dispised them 
@tariqnasheed As a Educator, business for profit, technology, nuclear weapons, biochemical and etc I think  I just observed as they do me (mio cheri) but it doesnt take like long to know a person true motive. 
@tariqnasheed Other ethnicity group (races) are harsher then their master to get or being getting points as an encouragement to continue to do as they do but they deep that they gets the same treatment no matter how much money they have or education unless they have something
@tariqnasheed You know the saying say do as I say not as I do. The other ethnicity group rather continue to divide themselves from the African Americansto say they are different in actuality the Caucasian look at them as they look  at us.Alot of thing are done behind their backs as well
@marcorubio That sounds like alot of us. Sometimes a fool is not a fool cause the rod pride is not there but knowledge of intelligence. Sometimes a prideful (richful) person becomes a fool due to his lack of compassion and egocentric. 
@marcorubio God has turned me over to evil men and thrown me into the clutch mes if the wicked. All was well with me, but he shattered me; he seized me by the neck and crushed me. They made me their target  his archers surround me. Without Pity, he pierces my kidney. Job 17
I prefer the color blue  https://t.co/xZXgjvtggd
https://t.co/xZXgjvtggd
The city and county is always screaming about budget cut or lack of money yet they have several officers following me and taunting me. How much money have they spend for doing that since April 23 or should I say before that while they were observing me while I in school and work
@realDonaldTrump 0+0= 0 where is the money coming from? Russian that right, you have been elected due to their help. I R E S P E C T that. Nothing come from nothing. 
@SungPhotography @marcorubio Hummmm Interesting
@marcorubio I was thinking about the modification of the farmers bill But its majority of Caucasian that will benefit from it. Negro like myself no longer live in a farm or produce (agriculture)goods  such fruits and vegetables, rice, wheat and etc. 
@KamalaHarris Unfortunately all the senators, commissioner, captains and etc in my state know me and the conspiracy to cover up my attempted death on April 22/18. . Why have they investigate my attempted murder yet? I have the scares, bone fragments and broken bones to prove it.
@tariqnasheed Why isnt black have their own hospital (could have been treated from my injuries), school, agriculture, policing, job like the jews or chinese or have their own town like china town. Is it because we dont have the mean or knowledge to do so or they refuse for us to do so?
@tariqnasheed That ridiculous
@realDonaldTrump Lies about facts. Really! Fact prove those lies wrong. They told me to say I fall when I get cant even get out of bed w/ out those pain meds. I am often thinking if i am able to conceived or carry a baby full term.. my back is really bad still! Take a look  https://t.co/IOvkelAPot
@realDonaldTrump But these pain pills that keep me walking although i am in pain but what am I to do with no incom. Ive been working through my pain and my tears have been my food day and night along in my room. Imagine that Mr. President
@realDonaldTrump Come about or come to the rescue. I myself also save life, same thing just a different method. 
@realDonaldTrump Why do they always protect the guilty (Caucasian) against the innocent  (black).. why are they still intimidated me everywhere I go by following me still today. It has been 7 mts now with no treatment whatsoever. What if it was one of you child ? Would the father instinct
@realDonaldTrump Back to her again? Where is my justice for my pain and suffering. You have the highest seat  on the board but still they havent investigated what happened to me on 4/22 where I almost lose my life. Is this the kind of thing you are promoting or allowing to minority in 
@realDonaldTrump Congratulations  it was an unfair race as always when majority of minority are not allowed to vote  or they get battered, jail or death. I can definitely see that know like 1910. 
@MikePenceVP @realDonaldTrump Well you have the Russian to thank for that as well.. you just dont know how many big companies they hacked to get private information,  maybe you do. Only God know like @marcorubio who always preaching and know know what to do whether to follow his heart or his colleagues. 
@charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump Just like all white peoples look the different. Really she knows better than that. 
@realDonaldTrump What happened to the $15 an hour for minimum wage. Like discuss it, make a plan and put it to action with congress. I (we) could really use it especially when we have more than one child or family to provide for. 
@marcorubio Are you really Making a difference like you thought you would before you got in to office? Or like you wish when you were a child ? 
@marcorubio The border could also be an easy way for those in higher power to continue to do their evil deed. Such as the FBI or CIA was involved for the crack epidemic in the ghetto.  
@marcorubio I (he who) love righteousness and hate wickedness . Psalm 	
I have a gas  difference today at synergy. Pest control while the customer sitting on a chair with the cashier. Back at G A S AGAIN. I guess some live in their lies @marcorubio
@IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump Pres. President ideology is my way or the high way from my observation which is not a good thing @realDonaldTrump
@ThePerezHilton I agree with you Perez
@tariqnasheed What is a cigender?
Watching the Pres.Trump Rally in Mississippi. Africa American poverty and employment is all time low ?? You ever noticed he always repeats the same things such as the non increase of employment, high taxes for poor, strong broader that his parents came over by. Museum really? 
@marcorubio In specific why is it taking such a very long time? It is because its unorganize, doesnt have staff to process the paper  or no leadership? Generosity is  presenting the gift in a timely matter with no bias and prejudice. 
@marcorubio They rather throw away the food in the trash then give it to a homeless or someone that is hungry. Have you ever been there? . Have you ever been homeless with no where to go? Wealthy people sometimes become homeless! Their life story just might be different from yours.
@marcorubio Whether they have a bed or not.. non profit organization?where is the money going? After all the big hospital with a big cross on the building seem pretty Rich and wealthy. While the homeless have nothing to eat, cant even take a birdbath or brush their teeth. Food ? What food?
@marcorubio St Vincent De paul where 98% of the people sitting outside dont know if they should sleep on the ground or a tile. Safe place of refuge? Not even the military get proper treatment. I volunteer there then PEHMS which is no service at all but to their favorite send people
@marcorubio Really in my def: an Institution for the care of the aged, the mentally distracted, the poor. I had a difficult time understanding the word as a child  because its a negative  &amp; a positive  depends how you use it. A place of refuge? just like the shelter in St. Petersburg
@NBCNews @NBCLatino Majority of their parents doesnt work due to the fear of being deported or they get pay less than minimum wage. How are they able to support their children at home let along buy school supplies. The children will have no choice but to drop out of school to support themselves.
@NBCNews @NBCLatino They always show Spanish immigrants being deported but forget about the Indian , Asian , white Hispanic, African Americans and some Caucasian only. Its so Ironic that the pervious President created Daca but Trump is abolishing it. They get misform as well &amp; miseducated.
@SenJeffMerkley I agree
@marcorubio For with much wisdom comes much sorrow; the more knowledge, the more grief. Lets us all say amen . I have do many sorrow and grief. Ive always prayed for wisdom little did I know there will be many pain, sorrow and grief. 
@marcorubio What is twisted cannot be straightened; what is lacking cannot be counted... so many quote, verbs from the Bible but yet the people that you attend church  with are devilish and conning such as the county commissioner. I will gift you a pic! What would you do? April 22 18. https://t.co/wL5SqTxC1s
@smilinsandi @Xcathdra @KamalaHarris Concern? What? Whats the reason for such feeling?
@janicewood30 https://t.co/aVJrAnnfpu
@Xcathdra @KamalaHarris https://t.co/aVJrAnnfpu		Do watch the video and explain to me plz base on your understanding.
@janicewood30 @washingtonpost Facts speak for itself like documentation and evidence. 
@washingtonpost My fav quote give a man a fish  he will eat for that day; teach a man he will fish for the rest of his life is that the reason why they dont teach any longer especially to the black minority dark(est) spectrum of the stick? Alot of thing I know was self taught by reading 
@washingtonpost Other went through the same things I went through trying to live the Americans dream they always promoting? Is it for just pure Caucasian or just human being like yourself that has a heart  that strive to do a different?  what happened to the Step up Act?
@washingtonpost Why is the USA  one of the largest country of private prison, county prison and jail? Why is it they rather spend hundred of thousands to jail a person as opposed to educate them? I often wonder that, I myself was a statistic of getting arrested based on a false case. How many
@washingtonpost What is the reason behind sharing the census to the law enforcement ( battered, kill before they ask any questions) and court documents ( counting how many head they can enslave in jail or prison)? Could be another form of increasing their loses of private prisons? 
@Xcathdra @KamalaHarris Which is difficult to obtain. Imagine being a black minority time it by  3  of 4 times of difficulties. If they dont have a job or work what would you suggest they do? If the federal isnt funding the state, local, county, and cities for them. it also a form of discrimination 
@Xcathdra @KamalaHarris Its not just dem its majority Rep that want to continue to increase their seats. I believe everyone should be accounted for whether it citizens or permanent resident or illegal. Theyre already in this country looking for a better life or the American dream 
@KamalaHarris I think  it a cruel move that the Trump Administration want to take in order to lose few seats  but then again who represents thee  we are the people arent they themselves are immigrants of this country as myself?  would that creates more chaos for the people?
@WhiteHouse I really thought the president was Asian descendent base on his features when he was young and now. 
@WhiteHouse That looks  like a genuine smile  from the President. The meeting must have went well. 
@marcorubio Amen . Who translate the Bible to English and different language? Is it possible they able to translate it based on the perception, likeness, disagreement and understanding? happy thanksgiving! who/what is the pilgrims and why do we celebrate TG when it should be ED
@tariqnasheed Lol  hilarious 
@ashtonpittman She should have memories jalf of her notes . Maybe she didnt write what she wanted to say..
@marcorubio They say the Good heart  usually has a-lot of battles *physically, **mentally and most of all spiritually ( **spiritual warfare) and they usually die young!! If they able to control the minds, what else can you do? The mind is more powerful than the body. 
@marcorubio My experience was similar tad bit difference.. https://t.co/hXrrKJo22Q please take notes  you dont believe. I saw white light  2015 and an angel  2018
@marcorubio Death always brings sorrow but a religious sorrow is ease by hope Thessalonians 4:13-14. Could it be a near death experience a person is able to see an Angel  whom saved his/her life? 
@marcorubio Amen  My insights told me its the poor that really wants to make a difference not the rich. Do you agree? The Rich wants to continue to make hundreds of millions off the poor! Its also the poor that truly has a good heart  such as mine. https://t.co/BPWwBfNGBs I lovethis. 
@marcorubio Why do you often write a tweet quoting the Bible? Is there something you want us residents, citizens and foreigner need to know?!
@marcorubio Really! Then I have some homework to do... I thought human right was one  of the things Government officials should protect and fight for.
@realDonaldTrump What the reason you always say its fake news is there any truth to what have observed, read and stated? 
@cindyhydesmith Can I please see the evidence and documentation please. Thank you. 
@GOP @cindyhydesmith Who would you suggest have the Mississippi value they are trying to preserve? Maybe it is time for change, its has been too long to have or keep the same value since early 1800s. Its 2018 I will stand with Mike Espy. 
@atomicgola @cindyhydesmith Would you be in The front row of your families members death ? If not, whats the reason why? Are we that different from one  another besides our color of pigmentation? Please do explain. 
@cindyhydesmith What is exactly is your definition of conservatism maam? What exactly are you preserving hanging human being in public? Isnt killing a person in cold blood the same thing by the hands of officers  in the early 1900s and now?
@CoryBooker Great  point. Do you take any responsibility for your staff actions for receiving an F not at least a D.. let me not talk about my experiences in the Hospital where I used to get sick  often. Or it is just me? 
@FLOTUS @UPMC Speaking in general not All Doctors  do an incredible Job some just do it for the Incom, theyre overworked, and/ or they lose the lil girl: boy spirit within that wanted to make a difference or save someone life with no pre conceived notion, bias and prejudice. 
@FLOTUS You realize some people get killed, injured , sets up fakes cases for trying to participate in voting  or their community or non community. I am speaking from experience  while If I was Caucasian they would proud because I am not they try to take my life.
@simplyruthh Probably a Haitian that doesnt listen to haitian music, wasnt raised on Haitian music or displease of where they came from cultures n all. As for me I love  haitian  music and others. 
@MichaelJMorell @FeddiUp Key  Statement  they move by the President orders thoughtful, calculating and aftermath. 
@FeddiUp @AP_Politics Having majority of minority/ farmers out raking outside while theyre doing indoor works. 
@FeddiUp @marcorubio Many true prophets are gone in the world as well to those non believers.. 
@roboloki @diegoengel @trumpanhator @marcorubio Its not the gun. Its the person behind the gun such as a police w/ a gun. They are taught to beat or shot first before they ask questions. When they on the floor that when they can/ could/ ask question or cant if they are dead . 
@grittypimpdown @SusanLuckyWhite @gayle6750 @ABrounty @marcorubio They stated in the year 2000 it will be the end of the world. I believe we have a long way from now
@NancyPelosi @CNN Sometimes circumstances make/ force you change your lil girl dream to do something else..
@NancyPelosi @CNN I love this interview. Very insightful and powering for woman who wants to run for any possible position in their employment or office. 
@NancyPelosi I agree 
@realDonaldTrump @TomReedCongress I support/ will stand with Nancy Pelosi. 
@sahluwal You people??! At least he a honest guy; how many other will/would admit to being racist systematically?
@tariqnasheed I believe it traveling. 
@realDonaldTrump How many fake news are there?? Is there any real news? 
@marcorubio Honestly speaking coming to America  to live or becoming an American to dead  literally. Coming to America is going to jail/ prison. Becoming an American is to work till you cant work any longer living paycheck to non paycheck. Speaking from experienced,it worse with school!
@marcorubio Although it stated We all are created equal and have God given rights even stated in constitution but how many people/ citizens/ civilians actually believe that. I recalled amendment 12 or 13 that black minority had no rights what so ever,An Animal had more right than a human
@marcorubio I agree  to disagree. You are right, American is not a race but some think  it is because theyre colorblind which means they only see black and white like a dog that doesnt see color such as the beautiful rainbow after a rainy  sunny  day. 
@SenKamalaHarris It shouldnt just be you? Where are you supporters, colleagues and friends? You have to move by numbers in order to stop  them. Numbers ( more bulls) make more noise than 1 bull. 
@realDonaldTrump Really?  
@InterminableVi @realDonaldTrump Agreed
@camacho_resists @realDonaldTrump 
@WhiteHouse I like the prison Step Act reform. It sounds incredibly good. My question is how many organizations will actually follow these new law and regulations. will there be a scale or point system to keep adequate track? What about the quota system for the local, state and federal? 
@marcorubio Amen 
When I have a beautiful smile  on my face it takes the pains away and others https://t.co/XGco5K2XYh
@tariqnasheed That is a powerful article. US Government assistant them financially and with weapons very interesting such as the crack epidemic in the early 70-80s years.
@tariqnasheed @YouTube Its a double standard for women and men for dating a person that is Bi. It opening ok for a women not for a man. Think about the reason why?
@FLOTUS 
@VoteJustice @PinellasCoNews @Kenwelch @PinellasBiz Congratulation to you Mr. Chairman. It will be a tough J O B I am aware you will handle it with grace, wisdom from your own experienced and others. 
@marcorubio As Republican do as extremists. 
@marcorubio As we all know our signature matches our mood on the paper . I do think  Fl should change that rule/law due to the fact outside experience/environment dies effect our handwriting such as an Injury or brain  damaged. 
We need your voice. We need your leadership. We need you. https://t.co/Y0v1rMIvJT
@tariqnasheed I do agree. No one  is safe. How can we prevent it or keep ourselves safe from them? 
I couldnt believe when I heard a very close friend of mine called Department of Children and families to report abused in the facilities she was admitted in just to be told  you called the wrong number and to call the customers hotline completely shocked 
@MichelleObama A strong  knowledge spiritual loving person
@gillibrandny They used to used the term Terrorist here in the USA  regardless the black minority but now its overseas. Very Interesting 
@realDonaldTrump I will do my research on American cable but I do know they are extremely costly for nothing. 
@realDonaldTrump I was completely shocked  when I saw $2.34 for a gallon of Gas . I used to pay  $40 for a full tank, how many gallons is that? Minimum rate $7.25 in FL. How many hrs of work is that? 
@RyanAFournier @DanCrenshawTX Interesting
@RyanAFournier Interesting. How long have they been doing that and how many county have done that havent got caught. 
@RyanAFournier Lol
@tariqnasheed @MailOnline Some fight oversees and some fight in the streets here in the State by the same Government. 
Beautiful soul https://t.co/BY9oQNmYxg
@marcorubio That is possible plus the zoning of the maps , marketing, advertising. My home church  today https://t.co/xiNJuW0d1i preach that to your congressional Sir. Blessing unto you. 
@charlyjsp And we must now continue to make the same mistake!
@Eduardo_nino12 @simplyruthh Lol 
@UKNATO I salute you my True Heroes
@bjaninemorison @realDonaldTrump Really? Whats behind the close door  ? 
@RWPUSA Capital its all the Government is about! USA  was build on Capital 
@ShawnMendes Love you  too
@drboycewatkins1 True
@DeondreTD My favorite show
@iFuckedUrGurl Really
@realDonaldTrump Get smart, Do smart thing without prejudice and bias because WE ARE ALL HUMAN!
@realDonaldTrump What about those that doesnt vote  or get prosecuted for voting  once or an intent to vote ? We all know the statistics of races that vote in the United State of Amerika!! 
@tariqnasheed True. What about the large amount of death  our ancestor went through so we can say today I voted  
@KamalaHarris I was researching that but I kinda came with a conclusion or a hypothesis 2 wk ago. Which I thought were related to the Aircraft. Could it be a sacrifice? 
@marcorubio Is there any corruption in the United State of America particularly Fl?
@marcorubio Now we must remember(ed) Florida law and other states are bias and prejudice toward certain race,ethnicity and religion especially in the South!!Why is there a low count of black minority vote  for local, state and federal and country Plz get back to me regarding that question
@marcorubio  New Destiny church  say a prayer  for me sir
@marcorubio Allegedly there has been an election  fraud in FL! I wonder why like Pinellas county 
@tariqnasheed 
@marcorubio That make sense I think .
@realDonaldTrump You ALL have to take responsibility for you (their) actions. They cant continue to blame the president if they continue to vote him out like Obama. 
@realDonaldTrump Did Christopher Columbus killed millions of people in order to tske over this land from the Indian or did he eat with them, give them disease in order for them to go to the modern medicine at that time. We dont blame you, we blame everyone that is involved in the Government
@CheleFarley You speak of European Healthcare? Are you European, have you experienced their Healthcare? What happened 9-11 =7-11 what are we missing? 1 or 2
@CheleFarley @uticaOD @SenGillibrand Invention or caravan? Who invented the New worlds Columbus didnt discover. They always spoke about non MS13 when in reality its the klan! Who are the Klan Mrs. Farley? Did you know it was the Klan that almost took my life when majority of nonMs13 in jail or prison? 
@AGPamBondi @POTUS Whats the Irony when I go grocery shopping  base on the location the prices are different. For ex. In the un corporated areas the price are high and in the corporate areas they are extremely un expensive (cheap). Why is that AG? Have you ever wonder that? 
@AGPamBondi Beautiful smile. You two looks  alike! 
@AGPamBondi @POTUS Wow  wow  another law/ bill passed again. Have you ever considered what these scientists or physicians, and phymacist are putting in those medications/ pills that make them so addicted to the same prescription to help them heal mentally, physically and spiritually
@RepBetoORourke I just realized something that is so small and unaware; the Armed Forces hand  salute is just the the Nazi Germanian and Russian. I saw the documentary. 
@RepBetoORourke What happened to the Robot ? What about the citizens that need to eat and drink water?
@RepBetoORourke Where is El paso bliss? Is it Texas? 6 billion Federal funding is outrageous for training facilities, building personnel, new boards, new roads, water  infrastructure for Army premier Installations. This is why the un- United State is in debt. 
@KatieHill4CA The POWER is our? Whose exactly? Is it We the People or just the Elite such as the trillionaire, Billionaire and Mega? What about the poor? Like my beautiful self 
@Hill44 @KatieMHill I couldnt believe what occurred in NY during the Marathon  when the pervious president was in office. I think  it was a disater to passed stricter bill passed to control control the people of color. Ice bills was passed 2002-03 after 9/11/2001. 
@GilCisnerosCA @VoteCommon I suppose amendment 2!!
@GilCisnerosCA Antisemitism- hostility toward or prejudice against Jews- PEOPLE OF COLOR. What kind, type or religious people experienced these evil acts toward them? What kind of people losing their life everyday? I almost lose mine for being at the right place and time 16! 
@HarleyRouda Well Sir businesses is politics to be honest with you. Everyday life live is politics. Why should the Govt continue to remove (d) the citizens rights such as the 2nd amendment and 1st? How can you protect yourself without those rights in the constitution? 
@RepMarthaRoby From what I heard (read) it was 3 who set it up by a licensed man whom probably was set up by 12 in order for his family to live. What are your thoughts  Mrs. conservatives?
@marcorubio Mal- ice: A disposition to injure another; spiter ill will. Passed LAW. Immigration &amp; Customs Enforcement. 2 primary comp. Homeland Security Investigations (HSI)  and enforcement &amp;removal Operations (ERO) for their land 
@KamalaHarris I agree  we must brought forth the truth with every one in the same table so there will be no elephants  on the wall. All ethnicities, different religion and an open mind. 
@tariqnasheed Please go read my poems because you yourself have have self hatred due to the lack of knowledge of tree family. You must have done the DNA test ancestry??
@tariqnasheed I wonder why?
Is DCF involved in sales of these innocent  babies in the black market for free labor? I called them 16 to report the caseworker for pushing my niece! There was nothing done due to her conduct. What kind of example are they showing us here in the individual State un USA 
I cant understand what my niece mothers doing to her child (my niece) that was ordered by her case worker whom worked for department of children and no families. She spend a 1 night at biological mom and she is walking funny. Mom told me she constipated, I told my Mom prune 
I am filled with love  https://t.co/KLsb2dOx9X
@Jim_Jordan That is true Social media has a big impact on election  from local, state and federal and world wide. Such as fake news reporting, Bias and prejudice base on the party  affiliated,   Communities involvements and commonwealth statistics. 
@tariqnasheed Everything changed since that white woman brought out the Original owner to push excessive trash to me as if we dont see trash everywhere.
@tariqnasheed Its the pronunciation.. different language have me confused  
@tariqnasheed @freep That ridiculous due to the fact the Federal, state and local are allowing that. It is their responsibility to protect all civilians weather theyre getting paid or volunteering.. that just a cover to count hiw many head they can arrest
@tariqnasheed That is true it is just a cover up for others to think  otherwise. Different method now
@tariqnasheed Amen 
The Irony is of these teachers  and administration officials is that they brought my son a book  bag because they had ripped his other one . So out of the kindness of their hearts they donated a bookbag or Bpack   https://t.co/Xg1UHsSCkl Tnx you @FLGovScott https://t.co/JRNbHeqMKz
When one  or couple of his teachers from Largo Middle school Jr High school (11yr)are doing hypnosis on him!! How do I know? Because its the same pattern or behavior happened to me!! I have experienced it several time @tariqnasheed
Since my Sons been going to Largo Middle school his behavior has been completely done a 360, hes has been talking back, not listen  and continue to repeat the same thing over and over again such as everything is not picture perfect ?
@thehill What do you mean the president of the Un- United State is to soft? What do you suggest he do to the truth black peoples overseas 3/5 of human ? Please elaborate, I am ready with my pens and papers . &amp;
@thehill who are we really distracting here the @blackface White people or the people that want to migrate here in the US. Ftom my observation maam you yourself is a black negroe woman unapologetic. Please face your Truth, do you know your history especially from the UK ? 
@FifthThird You mean three five bank because black minority is only 3% of a Human being
@thought_module Let us all be Honest here who land us it in the first place? How did Christopher Columbus discover Amerika if the True Indian was already living on this land? How did they removed the people of the land out of their land?You can not continue to massacre us people inUnited State
@twitmiser We are the true Americans dont you know your history young Men And Women?? 
@Lrihendry @marcorubio They outsiders are saying our land is your land to go back to European not Africa. They are escaping violence for a reason for peace  until they come to America to be put in prison for more capital. How many time have been arrested or have a traffic traffic ticket? 
@Lrihendry @marcorubio I do apologize did you say they break down walls to enter their home land? They  looked well fed, well dressed and hydrated what planet  ape  are you on? That like you buying a mansion an outsider ban you of your house ( land) took over and now they want their land back.
@marcorubio Embarrassing is not the word its Self Hate of  self and history. Most of all its all about Benjamin Franklin Jan 17,1706-April 17, 1790  chess book  published in Russia 1791. History taught us to be or not to be an extremist radical of self governing Amerika/ American.
@marcorubio Simply not credible? I find it difficult to belive! Its the THREE five of US that love  to tell the Truth like the  Godly as myself. 
@toosalty25 @tariqnasheed They got their ass wope now they want press charges completely their M O, its self defense. They throw the first punch. 
@realDonaldTrump That is a wrong decision. We must remembered whom we take this land from and why they first devided this whole pies  to section or slices. We the people need help and the government has the mean to assist us with that. That is the reason they divide the Govt in to 4 branches
@IAMSAFAREE Truely 
@elizabethforma @realDonaldTrump Its not just the president, what about cabinet? What about congress? What about lobbyists? What about the Vice President? What about them? 
@FLGovScott https://t.co/8RkxWsmza6 I had to educate myself on the Organization history of who they are and who theyve help before I was born because I was one of the single parent that need assistance during the holidays although I am working everyday. 
@FLGovScott The numbers sound so nice  but where the prove?? 1 of my favorite patient  sat me down to educate me about salvation army parades,its opened my beautiful brown shining in the sun  eyes . do you know the history? I said no sir, dont call me sir, I am much human as you
@SenBlumenthal @FeddiUp @SenatorDurbin I disagree with him, where is the immanence of the documentation. , regarding of the facts need these people need help
@SenatorDurbin Expel- to drive out by force or authorities. The country need the assistance the United State of Amerika are proving. Think  about the trade capital, the children and businesses. 
@EnginEarSK I know you do so does the football  players that wear pinks to famines these handsome muscular big  men that they want for contracts.. Roll in peace . That why mom does it but they get a different method. 
@ThePerezHilton @PerezHilton @cocoperez @DUALIPA @diplo Switch body movie  I 4got the title
@KamalaHarris Stolen election  such as the precincts across the street from me.. smh  I didnt see any African Americans or Hispanic. 
@tariqnasheed 
@tariqnasheed Too to far gone in the wild .. she doesnt want her blackness to have too much power?? I am confused  what power maam? Black peoples has no power but the power of being a customers/ consumers to white establishment to make a killing off our Blackness such as black Friday
@realDonaldTrump You are right Mr. president it is The Democrat  party that are creating JOB for the poor and middle class not the Rebulican .. 
@ThePerezHilton You ridiculous @ThePerezHilton very out open 
@KamalaHarris I agreed!!! 4 + 1 = 
@ThePerezHilton Well as you know theyre adding additives in the Alcohol  for certain symptoms
@ThePerezHilton Dont tell me not another one . Let me check my draw !
@ThePerezHilton Really 
@ThePerezHilton I in 2 both which mean I am a fan of this single
@tariqnasheed Really??
@tariqnasheed Racial profiling and changing their names to black African Americans name
@tariqnasheed Alienating  us from our True Potentials. 
@marcorubio  I read about UNiversities were they made special seats  where the Jews had to sit? And the Non doesnt know who they are! 
@KamalaHarris Especially in the south and where the un Natural disaster happened
There is a reason why GOD created us all different because we are all GODLY base on what we do which mean if you do good Great  will happens and if you do Bad bad will happens although you didnt do it, they needed to fill those private jail, prison up to make money  https://t.co/yl1fnXvFDJ
Sometimes we must think  of doing the right things because at the end of the day there is only one  GOD that made us all...  https://t.co/qJVujeWAtl
Well I do apologize I didnt realized that my ancestors faught for nothing... IT IN MY CONSTITUTION THE BILL OF RIGHTS WE MUST FOLLOW IT!!  https://t.co/VQP0Y1eZWp
Whats at the island ?#prison It is like HUNGER GAME or MAZE and ETC?
Or join a gang or death ?. Do they drugs them that make them act like mummy and / or have them like in a virtual world  ... how many been branded? How many are starving and thristy for water? Are they getting medical treatments? Are they getting REPRESENTED FOR THE GOOD 01
What is DNA ALTERATIONS?? What is DNA CLONING?? Is it possible to take one person DNA to put in another? Are they going back to the prison yards like during slavery 1860? What are the choices for these guys that get set up to go to prison wherever they play football , get rapes
I had to cut a piece out of the second steak  I couldnt believe it I know my mom cooks the chicken and meat for 4-5 hrs I didnt know its all the meat.. GMO, it had to be a cloning of meat, vegetable and carbs such as rices.. I cant believe it .. its from the LAB ! https://t.co/TyH2wfZEO7
Ive been cooking this STEAKS for 1 1/2 it is not not cook all the way.. I dont understand why? My Brother is not talking
@marcorubio @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLGovScott @FLOTUS Interesting.. wheres the supplies? 
@KamalaHarris I thought powers Belong to all. 
@tariqnasheed I am bit confused
@tariqnasheed Maybe be its not the Good Vibe. What happened???  probably running da mouth .. SMH  I keep my  shut...
Meeting today https://t.co/xB2fgsfXOx
What is going on here?? I have a meeting today at 3:30  pm at Dr Cheryl kerr and shes off campus, I dont understand!!!
I am blessed to see another yr of life... Thank you  GOD EXODUS 3:14 &amp; JOHN 8:24 &amp; CORINTHIANS 4:4. Amen  https://t.co/17S92jO8m4
@KamalaHarris Who are the native white indians?? What the depressed lower economic classes? What is the populist movement in the south? What Depression occur in 1880s &amp; 1890s? That was before my time 
@KamalaHarris It is together probable that during the brief populist upheaval in the nineties Negroes and Native whites (black minority)Achieved a greater commity of mind &amp; harmony of political purpose than ever before or since in the south that is a great except that is No actions behind it
@RepAdamSchiff I agree there was never true government that doesnt mean we cant change it... 
@suncoasthospice I have already taken the TB Shot which is required. They find it negative , which they send me to get an xray test to exam my chest although I was questioning them as to the reason why I had to get a chest exam.. there was no answer to either party! 
@suncoasthospice before I started to work for this company/ organization it was mandatory to retake my immunization shot once again since they didnt out the exactly date on my record. I belive they have put other chemicals in these shot before it was given to me.
@tariqnasheed True dangerous
@tariqnasheed @NYPD Just like the bad old day they believe them because they are simply Caucasian bot the FACT. 
@IyanlaVanzant Wow  I wondered why he did such thing? 
@KamalaHarris Its because of them the United State has many allies and won the wars! 
@marcorubio I would have thought shelter would be first in line because with proper shelter there will be safely &amp; security. IDK . Revelation 12:4,9. 
@marcorubio Really? What happened to the Russian and German spy hacking to our computer system which is all electronic? 
I know I am special but I never thought I was that special.Just like when they continue to double book me for a scheduled meeting not asking me what day I am available; theyre already know Im only be able to attend one .With that Ill say prayerfor You cause u Need it
They send my son home with one  book  although he is take 7 classes excluding his PE. I guess I should be proud or a message for me due to them conspiring to suspend me from the white institution that the same professors loan me a book  to do my midterm. 
@OgunsHandOfFury @tariqnasheed Lol
@tariqnasheed Lol  Im done  I dont recalled the hug  but then again the wife in the speaking for those that are incarcerated. 
Perfect  ex. When I was in new York for March spring break when I was talking to my cousin they turned my  microphone on with no activation just wifi listening  to our conversation. How much of a threat am I? 
I went to the Federal court in the month of May 2018 I was told I was not allowed to bring my phone  inside the court house. Little did I know I was under investigation while they are turning my microphone  on &amp; off and turning my phone  on when I shut it down to charge.
@xtina I like The album  
@ThePerezHilton Ive listen  to the album I like it. 
@ThePerezHilton I have just watched the video accelerated I dont understand it. I almost didnt recognize her. Getting it 1000%
@ThePerezHilton What the truth?  get it 1000
@PerezHilton @TheMandyMoore @TheRyanAdams Beautiful
@ThePerezHilton Petez did you ever find out the truth reason they allegedly stole her jewelry overseas? Then why wear all those blood diamonds  to have security around her like a president
@ThePerezHilton I didnt know. Do you believe it base on your investigation?
@ThePerezHilton You not a fan? To any of her music ? Unless you something I dont
@ThePerezHilton I dont understand it neither
@NadiaMuradBasee @UN @Europarl_EN @StateDept What is a minority? Is united nation really UNITED? I thank you  for you bravery and courage for the worked you have done thus far. I know it wasnt east especially if you are a luddite in your country. 
@NadiaMuradBasee @VP @SecPompeo Why he cover the L in girl? 
@FLGovScott I hope  there is Enough food, water and supplies for the hurricane. Supermarket always run out of these items during a disaster. 
@FBI Interesting? The Irony is I registered 2016 to ride in a cop  car to have an insights to be a police officer (childhood dream) 2 days later they set me up. I hope  its not like that for FBI shadowing
@ThePerezHilton Interesting @ThePerezHilton  i am going to shake my  hater off!!
@tariqnasheed Pen and paper  ready as I always have done my Negus . 
@marcorubio Really? 
@KamalaHarris Wrong time, date and polling place is wrong as they did me when I went to vote  in the primary. How do you think  it makes me feel as a black minority as a whole? Is that the reason the minority doesnt vote  for local, state and federal? 
@KamalaHarris Vote ? People are being killed, black mail and being set up not to vote or voting  for some one  they dont want to vote for 2018. Same thing 1870 15 amendment ; 1965 literacy test &amp; poll taxes to vote 24 Adt and telling them they have the wrong date, _
I spoke to the assistant principal of Largo middle school; Up North its called Junior High School regarding the teachers sending my son home with his Textbook NOT online. They do hypnosis on the screen  such as Science  ology and Psychology. Very involved in the community! https://t.co/tBSiNydx7u
@marcorubio Interesting! Demonic spirits possess men matthew 12:43 as they know of GOD n the Prophecies Mark 1:23
As we all know there is Enough Money to go around especially for the black minority for their education &amp;to teach these children the right information. This shouldnt be a Race war but a Humanity Education!We All deserve the same education as the others as 1 day they might save U
I sometimes have a difficult time understanding the funding for each school public education base on the districts such as city, locations and areas code.I requested for my son to go home with his textbook  but somehow the teachers are telling me there isnt hardpaper available
Yesterday my son came home late late from his dad house. He got bite by Mosquito x3. Its seem like a vaccination shot because around the bite is harden and red. Today he is not acting like himself.. he has a hard time listening to instrution and Sitting still https://t.co/SdBYdEJX2o
@BonniBlack10 @WeSupport45 @RepAnnaEshoo @SenFeinstein @FBI You are Entitled to your opinion such as I. I am also assuming you believe all his lies in order to get where hes at. Ive that from Abraham Lincoln one  of the president of the US
@tariqnasheed Lol  Im still alive although I had fire  in my home yesterday evening like the black pastor messager from the Caucasian pastor VIP
Yester evening I had fire  in my home . Just like the black pastor message from the white pastors front roll VIP; I will have fire in my home , car  and I am too young to die.  I told him if it meant to be It will be!! I have so many attempts on my life I not even Rich!
The officers  also give them the offenders orders such as curse your families members, smoke  or put them on drugs or get killed
He went upstairs in my room!! Where I lay my head down because the candle stop burning
Enjoy  it!!!  he had Black blood in him still today in his families  https://t.co/PIHnQk20ye
I really enjoy  reading  this book. Its has alot of Good insights!!! https://t.co/n5haXZUvoo
The tree  branch fall... like the Guy in apt 117 cut his tree a few months after we moved in just like another person I know that had continued to put me in the Hospital of HCA https://t.co/eOghW4Oy1m
They segregated Us by race, class, incom and party   affliction although its illegal  https://t.co/dqHY0L7psk
https://t.co/dqHY0L7psk
Apt 70  https://t.co/A77BjJv02H
https://t.co/A77BjJv02H
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @netanyahu Where is all the black Israelite? I didnt see them walk through those door  on TV ? 
@Luis_Cipher_ @WhiteHouse Lol  who draw that? 
@ImpeachMaxine @WeSupport45 @FBI @CoryBooker You must delay the vote  to make a Clear decision and Understanding
@flakes @WeSupport45 @laurieegipson @FBI @SenFeinstein @ChrisCoons @JeffFlake @GOP You said all which includes Republicans also.. dont exclude anyone or anything
@WeSupport45 @RepAnnaEshoo @SenFeinstein @FBI Interesting? How many others have they done that to? Ex, Hillary Clinton when those soldiers that got set up to get killed?
@HarmonyAquarian @WeSupport45 @WhiteHouse @MichaelAvenatti @SenFeinstein Look  at the face!!
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Congratulations  Prime Minister!! which is the same thing as a President or king  of a country
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Is that A real bouquet of flowers or fake? I like the Tie! 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Whats  the reason why the United State havent have a woman in the Highest seat  like the Prime minister of Britain and other countries?
@realDonaldTrump Shouldnt these two party  fight for the best of We the People not against one  another?
@realDonaldTrump Really?  I find that hard to believe 
@RJTheRealOne @marcorubio @FBI 
@JasonCRosenthal @GraceDrSteve @marcorubio @FBI Really? No way, what they gonna do with the poop ?
@GraceDrSteve @marcorubio @FBI I agree  follows all the paper  work also in electronic and paper 
@marcorubio @FBI Really? An assassination?? From whom?
Where is my Justice and Liberty ?? Who is the first lady liberty  and why they send her back?? https://t.co/S0ZsJBjzaa
That one  uno un could SAVE your LIFE!!! 5+5=10 x0 Like X-men https://t.co/LqkC2XiN9V
@maziehirono @SenKamalaHarris Its a right Wing conspiracy like the stolen election  in November!!!! They set her up and all left wing... everything that is electricity since We went to non and start phone  worse in 9/11... I was 8 since they been listen  to phone calls
@girlsreallyrule I kike it!!!
Why is peace  in America Amerika backwards!!! Dont they want peaceful life ??? https://t.co/pRYzvRROGz
@SethAbramson What about the others that was allegedly accused of The same acts?
Whats the reason they divided the Lunch schedule in elementary school, middle/Junior high (Largo middle school) from each grade level such as my sons lunch time is 11:15am -11:43 his class starts at 9:40am.. 7th grade 11:57-12:27 and 8th 12:42-1:12 ..why such divisions?
@tariqnasheed @Mediaite What going on with the Lip singing  its seem like they going back to the Bad Old Day when they killed for vocal box  and voice
@tariqnasheed Of course NOT
@marcorubio I guess so when Scientology tell me Hubbub is God. Why are they  in the institution anyhow? . Dont they do hypnosis on others and control them. Perfect  We are continuing being hypnosis every day such as my whole family and others such as your like the chip device in body
If I know any better they will try to spill my gas  in tank to get burn... i saw a black lady with burn marked on her at Dollars Trees . SPC/Gibbs Campus
They are able to hacked into my laptop , wifi, watches and all other electronic to do as they please without my consent. Theyre able edit, modified and etc up to their liking. They are also able to turned the microphone on! It started with my note Samsung phone  2016..
She refused to send a textbook home because the budget has been cut from the district, local, states and federal.I was a bit confused at time. NO Textbooks but online works.I specifically told the assistant principal that I wanted every communications on paper  not online
As we all know the Statistics regarding Street drug, prescription drug; Narcotic as a whole. Caucasian has a high risk and high rate of all street drugs including cocaine, marijuana and especially prescription drugs such as Molly, Percocets,Xanax and etc. how dare her?? 6th Grd
The open house meet teacher  did not go very well. My son Came home asking me if I was doing drug or taking drug to that matter of facts?? In the classroom to meet the Science  teacher she was making statements of drug or street drugs and prescription drugs-
https://t.co/wPCKFewGQi
They keep sending me sign like this morning when I went to class and 2 security guard walked towards me and now there are 2 black secretary for Dr. Jean Baptiste https://t.co/BxwaylSgte
I am tired of being treated like a second class black minority citizen (all minority are black people) better yet 4th class citizens.. RESPECT  IS EARNED NOT GIVING FREELY. Thank you ..  https://t.co/8XkhoP6xod
I am waiting to receive a call and/ letter from the Vice President of St Petersburg college Brian Miles @spcnews @marcorubio
I hand delivered a letter to the Associate provost secretary because Dr. Jean Baptiste wasnt in his office  to give the Vice President of St Petersburg college Brian Miles and Amy lockhart my letters of complaint/ grievance. I still havent heard anything as of yesterday
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/h43dehf0WV
@realDonaldTrump Much safer? For whom exactly??
@GrahamLedger What do you think  about The President speech today? 
@flamethrower_30 @GavinNewsom Oh okay
@atrupar Interesting. I need to do more Research
It could be because of my few post/TWEETS from yesterday from telling the truth.. people get killed for telling the truth here especially at SPC Institution
I Dont understand the reason why my Niece didnt attend school today. Its guess the Caucasian say So before you know it its exam time she doesnt know anything. I hope  its not their plan to left her back for fund from the district
@realDonaldTrump I have a movie  I would like to suggest to watch called Devil double. Which one  of the Son you think  you are? I kept saying to myself you could have been the one of the Greatest but somehow you are trap within your mind.. you mother taught you well!
@cvspharmacy 917 794 6066
As much as I try to forgets that day I am being reminded everyday by the PAINS, Trauma, no proper treatment and being followed every I go.. is that justice? Or injustice? Or just another black girl whom they failed their mission to get Rid of me like a fly on the wall?? 
Why am I still being followed by sheriff,local police and state troopers and undercover driving big trucks?Do they realize the damaged the Clearwater police  had done to me on the Sunday  afternoon on April 22 18. 
Why are these commissioners and other public county elected workers/services have their accounts locked  such as karen seel, janet long, mike twitty, deborah clark, pat Gerard, jeff atwater, charlie just and others.. THEYre PUBLIC WORKERS FOR THE PEOPLE NOT FOR THEMSELVES!!!
@FLGOPMajority @SenBillNelson @KamalaHarris @marcorubio @ScottforFlorida @RepCharlieCrist @LopezCantera @JeffreyBrandes @SenFeinstein this case should be whether Im rich or poor. I was almost killed again in the hand of an officer  of Clearwater police on April 22 18.
Some people thrives to see black minority peoples in pain such as myself. When they have seen the damaged  that was done to my bones by having the XRAY IMAGE in their hands. My left shoulder is wearing out from carrying my bag on my shoulder. My right is completely out..
To do my daily living activities.. although I am not a doctor but would it effects my internal organs such as kidneys, liver and bladder...I believe Metho 3/day is better than 9-12 a day like the first batch sometimes double.please give me my proper strength of meds @cvspharmacy
Im really have a hard time understanding. Not only is CVS employee charging me for my med which should be $0. Theyre only giving me 25% of the strength of my med from the first batch. I am taking triple, something Quadruple of the same Meds @CVS
@tariqnasheed Only difference is the color of the skin tone
The trees  has many branches some are good and some are bad but its STILL STANDING TOGETHER https://t.co/sFtzegSAQl
Smile  is priceless it doesnt cost an Arm or a leg  https://t.co/k9cxwerlaD
@realDonaldTrump Democratic party    care about the people (the poor &amp; middle class ) as opposed to Republicans party    whom only care about the Rich to continue to make millions of the back of the poor. God doesnt like that because We are all people in Gods !! 
@realDonaldTrump I like the TIE my favorite color. 
@cvspharmacy
Today was not a pleasant day just like yesterday picking up my Med the Lindsey Collazo pharmD she called Medicaid they charged me a co pay of $18. Ive been paying for my insurance plan since the New Yr my copay for the same medication was $0 I have been a customer 4 16 yrs. @cvs
@CharlieCrist @RepCharlieCrist I am finally here at CVS IN PAIN TO GET MY REFILL. They are charging me $18 to get my prescription I dont understand the reason why although Lindsay Collazo PharmD said she just called Medicaid... I always paid $0.00 to get my Meds except today..I AM BEING EVERY MONTH 4 Ambetter
@marcorubio @POTUS I find the song I was singing when I was swinging on the tree across from my home  the apartment being renovated ... 		https://t.co/iqmoeasf4V
@tariqnasheed Wow wow they did put a swing on a tree  swinging Low at the new apartment that is being renovated... I didnt get it until I was singing  the song. Swing low swing high hanging on the Tree 
@LopezCantera @SFLHCC @RosLehtinen I guess their eyes  shine in the dark... I used to wonder what Caucasian eye pupils used to be Red when they take pictures. I guess they wanted to be different!! 
@LopezCantera @marcorubio Snake  in the green Grass
They must have forgotten That I took Anatomy 1 and 2. I ace both class although I received Bs as a grade @tariqnasheed
They are N O W play scrabble with my words on Twitter since the New Year.they plans this since Last year 2017.They give me a Job Sunset point,and Hospice Empath Health futher more allow me to return to the Institution to observe me when they attempted to kill me different method
To cover it up.. I said In Pain not in my pain. If they did that to me how many others did they do that too?? Statistics tells me Plenty of people that has money  and no money
They are not playing scrabble with my texts n messages. As we all know theyvstarted doing that in the year 2016 and now 2018... THIS IS NOT A GAME!!! THIS IS REAL LIFE SITUATION HUMAN BEING!!! https://t.co/hsqej5XVUZ
2nd time I had to wait 3-5 day without my medication I even thought that they  did that on purpose to see me in my PAIN to see what kind of damage can I do to myself.instead of them because he didnt finished me off.Ioften wonder how much did the officers got paid?@FLGOPMajority
Although they cut half the strength from the first batch. I just deal with half of my pain because I dont want to be dependent on the meds. Without my med I am not able to lift my head up, walk, talk or even walk..@CharlieCrist that is not the first time they did that to me...
It seem to be that they love to see peoples especially the black minority in PAIN because the Caucasian Run everything here in Fl.The officers  did alot of damage to by bone, tissue and muscle. Still today 6 month later I am tremendous pain with out my medication @FLGovScott
I went to CvS on the 7 of September request a refill on my Methocarbamol. It is the 21 of September they are still havent refill it yet. I am out of my prescription. I am in extreme pain they CVS text person seem to want to play game with my prescription... @JeffreyBrandes
@marcorubio While we need it in America... not china. The issues is here in America!! 
Correctional Department on their backs... That what they wanted for me so they can make hundreds of thousands off my back for Free Labor as we all know there is nothing Free in America un United State of Amerika....  https://t.co/WLNXiQrvM0
Honestly speaking I do not feel safe being on St Petersburg college campus (13) because everywhere I go they follow me , they even hire a school safety guy with a Gun on Gibbs Campus... 
@SenFeinstein Its always a good thing to do the Right Thing for due Diligence... 
Teachers are not doing their DUTY to teacher instead of getting funding for these special programs such as PMP And or others
How are they (students) suppose to pass their exam, test, project and State exam if (I) the parents are being kept out of my (son &amp;niece)  student Education plans and Curriculum. They the teachers  will send out a PIP plan or PMP plan although the teacherre
I really have a difficult time comprehending the school system here in Pinellas county. Ive been requesting to my sons teachers Largo middle to send him home withhomework and his textbook so that  I  to teach him certain things he has a difficult time understanding.Theyre MIA
Can someone please explain this to me yesterday I added Gas in my tank... from home to Gibbs Campus I am completely out of Gas . What are they telling me here?? Although the new provost said today in Student Government association she have money and I dont !!! 
It was extremely difficult to communicate with those Two (2) State Troopers because they kept asking the same questions and they had a difficult time comprehending what I was saying, speaking or and explaining... 
They stop  my other videos i have recorded and replaced it with this one . They also cut n paste my videos just like FACEBOOK
They were just waiting on me for some odd reason  https://t.co/5bNeSJZWzh
They waiting for the taxi  before Roadmy  https://t.co/5bNeSJZWzh
https://t.co/5bNeSJZWzh
https://t.co/0VJKHqyZo6
https://t.co/prSlnvAmba
https://t.co/vertOiBD2y
State troopers  https://t.co/JEWfcAXV55
https://t.co/JEWfcAXV55
@marcorubio @FLGovScott @RepCharlieCrist
@VP @KamalaHarris @tariqnasheed @realDonaldTrump
They added SUGAR IN MY TANK. Police  has, civilians and FBI IS INVOLVE IN THE CONSPIRING TO MURDER ME OR HOMOCIDE.  https://t.co/CXroZG6ryJ
On my way to downtown tampa, they cut it my car off  https://t.co/CXroZG6ryJ
https://t.co/CXroZG6ryJ
@marcorubio Terrorist?? What about sept 11.    Was it a terrorist?? I was told it wasnt... 
They made thousands of my car accidents since I was 23 yr old and 27yrs old. They are involve in conspiring to murder me!!!  https://t.co/SEoLhplTfn
https://t.co/SEoLhpDuDX
@NelsonForSenate I was wondering about his Riches also. You know how they do creat Chaos in order to get funds such with SPC
@mswedplanner I like The Presidente Smile  his Eyes  are close
@CharlieCrist @RepCharlieCrist Is this campaign strictly for Caucasian or  We the people which include all peoples of different background, Ethnicity and race?
@realDonaldTrump It could be more death  theyre are not reporting due to Boss self interest.
@realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews From my understanding from this article is that The More rich (I AM)  you are The more money  they (I) can makes. The poorer (I am) you are the less money (I can ) you can make. 
@gabbygal2013 @marcorubio Mean the same thing.. 
@1finekitty @marcorubio Did the Great president Draw that??
@marcorubio I believe in the Love  of GOD without Him I wouldnt be HERE today.
@ScottforFlorida @POTUS Whats the reason there were no vacancy for the multiple Hotels Ive called just like in  the Summers of 2004 for shelter and others reasons? Although these hotels had empty room.. 
@marcorubio They are hidden her involvement in her death.  Just like me with St Petersburg Collge
@MediaSniperNest @KamalaHarris Theres a reason as to why she wants all the documents from him. Based on those papers she can change her  vote if it good. It like getting into a relationship to marry a woman wouldnt you want to know everything about that person before you say I do
@KamalaHarris What was (were) The President hidden from the People?? 
Possibly a German spy  on my block. He forever watching me https://t.co/15rlgBf0m9
They RESUSCITATE ME AND BROUGHT ME BACK AFTER MIDNIGHT TO WELMORE HEALTH CARE CENTER. I didnt know why  https://t.co/0cXiA8kEP7
https://t.co/0cXiA8kEP7
He throw a hard rock at my car the car behind me picked it up  https://t.co/iqaAzKrPjb
https://t.co/iqaAzKrPjb
These black peoples in St. Petersburg always know as  St Patrick day is also taking orders from the prejudice, bias  and racist higher up like the K guy running for the Supreme position
https://t.co/RH1AN4OAoy
My experienced  https://t.co/pu9ravrB5I
https://t.co/pu9ravrB5I
@marcorubio @nytopinion The Great  President said AB he find it difficult for half to be to be slave and the other half to be Free such as having true and Relevant freedom that are in the constitution.. Do we have military soldier in the street now? 1 hypnotize me this morning!! On my to school 
@KamalaHarris Already left a message yesterday he might be involved to what happened to day
I AM STILL IN PAIN TODAY BECAUSE OF THAT THE OFFICE TO BEAT ME PHYSICALLY DOING KARATE  MOVE ON ME .. black belt 
He said there were flashing light in actuality there is none I was following the vehicle that was in front of me he didnt STOP THEM BUT HE STOP THE SECOND VEHICLE ... message from the Clearwater office that almost took my life on April 22,18 on Clearwater beach ..
he pulled me over and forget about the other vehicle that was in front of me.... this is what they do here in Pinellas county and tampa bay fl https://t.co/IsLgfT7xfd
I used to wonder whats the reason they need the location in order to the Snapchat filter which is a social media like Facebook.. who is Facebook??? Where is MySpace in early 2004?
@NBCPolitics I believe it these are black  colored people island 
@MarkWarner Congratulations  to you although I am paying $10 for one  Gallon of gas 
https://t.co/XpYwsO70OI
They are steaming my gas  although I paid $2.63 for (4) a Gallong if gas  https://t.co/7T8StVvAnE
https://t.co/eEg8duyUP3
The NEW YORK CITY NOT THE COUNTRY
I live in Pinellas county, pinellas county,pinellas county, Pinellas County, Pinellas County.They Caucasian hate black people of color here especially in Pinellas county where I currently live I am Black woman of color because Florida is the South.Its not like up North New York
Yesterday I write a tweet THAT I WAS IN FEAR FOR MY LIFE ESPECIALLY FROM ST PETERSBURG COLLEGE AND HEALTH CARE ASSOCIATION.. Please help me because theyre swimming  in MONEY  BLOOD LIKE BLOOD DIAMONDS
This morning I wake up at 3 am... my question is Scientology or others name they go back an important investor in St. Patrick Petersburg college here in Tampa bay Florida. Pinrllas county
Lastly since the summer Term at St Petersburg College I have notice a trend with my phone when I listen to music at night. They will hacked into my phone after I fell asleep  to do Hynosis. Which I will wake up crying  at 3-5 am. Then it will be difficult to fall back sleep
Guess what it was $2.66.. I AM IN FEAR FOR MY LIFE ESPECIALLY FROM SPC COLLEGE AND HCA ASSOCIATION
Its ridiculous every I go the Caucasian people are following me to go in my car... I stop  at a gas  to purchase gas  while inside the Caucasian guy was waiting on me while another had already did hypnosis on me because the black lady said $2.66 when it was 2.65
I dont understand  https://t.co/VUonziQuEi
https://t.co/VUonziQuEi
@SenateDems @AJMGrandma @SenFeinstein @realDonaldTrump In my understanding I am a bit confused to your lies..  Senator Dianne I believe this man is full of it such as Lies 
@AJMGrandma @TruthOuter @KamalaHarris @JariMahawa @SenateDems @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenatorDurbin @SenWhitehouse What does it have to be a division for the Representative that represents the people whether left Democratic(poor) or right Republicans (Rich). I thought we are one  as a nation Nation nation under one God and justice for all. What is the def of ALL ? 
@TruthOuter @KamalaHarris @JariMahawa @SenateDems @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenatorDurbin @SenWhitehouse 7 out of 100 is not Enough to put someone as him in the Supreme Court. That can make a decision whether life or Deaths. 
@KamalaHarris Its hidden from the Publix because of our great  President Trump whom still today refused to show public x his Tax Return so therefore he is doing the same for his administration in his Team which is  I not We .
@realDonaldTrump I doubt it unless its fake reports like The fake news network.
@KamalaHarris The question is do they follow the same law thats in black n white 
@tariqnasheed I agree  if you dont do as they say you I. Get punisher like da Movie   .. DO AS I DO NOT AS I SAY BECAUSE ACTIONS SPEAK volumes/ LOUDER THAN YOUR/ Their words
@KamalaHarris 100  copy n keys . Interesting
@ABC Congratulations  our pervious recurrently President. 
@SecPompeo @USAmbIndia @USAndIndia Great  demo cracy ?? Or great rep u blican ? republicans
@youngflymouthOG Wow  congratulations
@chelseahandler @SenatorCollins Settle law? AlI am a tad bit confused . 
@SenFeinstein Please Leave Roe as it. It should be the women choice to do what they please with their own body.. I dont see the women telling these man to Amputate their penises. 
@kathygriffin I like the night show.
@tedlieu @SecNielsen China  did it first. US just copy 
@tariqnasheed Put me in the documentary.  on the House 
@marcorubio Interesting.
@KamalaHarris There is a reason he didnt answer that question. He hasnt been attack yet or never did. 
@VP @POTUS For the American peoples? Who are those exactly? The pure &amp;clean or the light skin ? I AM A DARK SKIN WOMAN. 
@KamalaHarris Ok  although they already know. 
@marcorubio I agree . I am currently looking  for a white boyfriend like Jesus chris.
@KamalaHarris I often wonder what kind of deal did our greattt president Trump had done before he had got elected after all there were lawsuit after lawsue against him.. who were the Judges? 
@kilmeade @foxandfriends Who voted  for you?? 
@ALUHRE I do not understand!!!
They calls me The Black Modanna I dont know  why? https://t.co/YRVg6bNvya
Seeing is Often Believing!! Lies Often come to Light  https://t.co/DSLz1ATAu2
@ALUHRE Wait a damn minute, hold up.. what???
@mike_pence @ScottforFlorida @realDonaldTrump What does the word United n State mean to you? Does it say anywhere in the definition separated,separations; fractions and division. Other States and countries is also watching you to see how you can handle this little case of mine.They already know how Trump is!!Youre diff
@mike_pence @ScottforFlorida @realDonaldTrump Its your duty to protect and follow down to the State that I am to help a fellow Me a  citizen of the U.S just like Majority of the foreigner here in the state that are Caucasian.  The local, State and Federal in Florida are not following their own rules and regulations.
@mike_pence @ScottforFlorida @realDonaldTrump Due to my injuries on the fair afternoon of April 22,18 my body is not healing especially my bonedue to the lack of proper treatment, rehab, and medications. I can feel in my heart its not getting any better. Today my friend as the Vice President of the United State of Amerika
@KamalaHarris Anything he say this far is nothing but a lie just like Our Great President Donald Trump whom still today refused to show us the citizens and residents of the United state of America his Tax Return document.. 
@marcorubio I saw a small clip of his interview Hes shaking in his boots . He couldnt answer those questions honestly... therefore anything he say after that is nothing but a lies just like Our Great  President Donald Trump.
@CharlieCrist @RepCharlieCrist I have to sit down meeting with you regarding my EOE of my pervious employment of Sunset poing rehab Nursing home
@FLGovScott We have to have a sit down regarding the Instution ST Petersburg college I am attending. 
@VP @POTUS @FLOTUS @WhiteHouse @SecondLady What exactly is Evangelical leadership?Are you telling me I am an Angel  from above? As we all know @VP therere not alot of leadership for those that has no income(money) such as my beautiful self.. that doesnt mean I shouldnt be look up to or inspires others as well. 
@marcorubio Lol  really?? A Spoil milk  produce Cottage  cheese Ive made it myself Indian  style. 
@marcorubio @realDonaldTrump Chinacheated on trade. Lets not talk about which country thathadstolen,cheated,massacre hundred of thousands of black minority here on the Un United States of America. Now they the people put someone just like Adolf Hitler to make a difference. What did he do in Germany ?
@KamalaHarris I agree . 2 corks
@KamalaHarris I didnt get paid for my sick  leaved Ive worked for 2 rich companies. Genesis of Rehab and *Hospice Non Empath Health.. 
@KamalaHarris For whom exactly? As we all know there are bills that are passed black n minority are not able to file the same thing Caucasian takes advantage of. If the bill do pass make sure there is 50% for Caucasian, 25% for black, 25% for minority; even it out on the board for every bills.
@marcorubio in all labor there is profit to whom exactly me or you. As we all know whether you know how to read or write when it come to black n minority its just work and no profit.All profits goes to the Top Guys and they give us the crumbs such as the government with no incom tax refund
@tariqnasheed Its only right
@tariqnasheed Is that a Ratcoon ?
@realDonaldTrump @Rasmussen_Poll Just as firms compete for money  in economic markets,countries n States compete for power in the International system who ever has the most money make rules, regulation and alliances for other countries to follow suits or they will be punished such as holding the aids
@JudgeJeanine @TomFitton What did a Adolf Hitler do in Nazi Germany ? How was he able to win the election  and killed massacres hundreds of thousands of innocent  citizens? 
@JudgeJeanine @TomFitton I do apologize did you stated that people in Washington are conspiring to to framed your Great  President how so?? Russian  was very much do involved in his Election  that why he was able to steal the election. How much did you get paid for these statements? 
@VP Rest in peace Heaven door has opened for you. 
@WhiteHouse @VP @realDonaldTrump Why does all the application that we downloaded is connected to Google after you our greeat President took the highest chair of the State?? Who is Google? Where is our private info really going or holding for? Base on my activities online can you know who I am? 
@realDonaldTrump @VP It is difficult for me to understand base on the statistics of color people living up to their retirement age. I almost lose my life at the age of 27,28,29. I cant understand why, can you please explain it to me as a dark skin asian, indian, Egyptian n Hispanic
@AskBMD I called several time the customer service rep kept giving me the wrong information such as I dont have my current address in file
@tariqnasheed I agree  all these previous n currently president make moves on their own self interest such as China  n Japan  1942. When they look  in the mirror they looked the same as they been categorized as Asian Not Chinese or japanese here in the un United state of America
@marcorubio @realDonaldTrump Who are included in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)?
@marcorubio @realDonaldTrump Doesnt the Chinese signed an alliance treaty with the United State of America?
@KamalaHarris There so be NO Executive privilege for him he should be investigated just like a colored person
@KamalaHarris We must investigate him first un order for him not to take advantage of the poor and color people
@KamalaHarris I just read it in the newspaper  he see as inevitable conclusion w/in the next 10-20 yrs when the court says we all race in the eyes og Govt I said where? Please elaborate!! 
As we all know blue is  one uno of my favorite color  https://t.co/61zAeFbBMZ
@SterlingKBrown Oh ok@good luck
@SenBillNelson I dont understand, why am I being hypnotized hypnosis at St Petersburg college?? Os that legal without my consent
@10NewsWTSP @JeffreyBrandes Is it right to Hypnosis someone without consent?
@CharlieCrist @RepCharlieCrist My niece just had a un necessary operation which the Doctor removed her appendix without a second opinion,shes also not on any pain medication for the surgery. The Nurse who is taking care of her keep sniffing for some off reason. Further more they hypnosis my brother voice
@tariqnasheed They are doing a workshop of shooting here at St Petersburg college about Active shooting. How many black peoples have went to a school to shoot student?
@tariqnasheed You do know Asian are light  skin black peoples when they bleached and do lil Kim transitions... they are forced to to divide from the black like myself because of butter biscuits they dont want. You know that. They get treated as worse when there are no black peoples
@tariqnasheed Interesting as you know its not okay for a black parent to breast feed her new born in public but its okay for a white parent to do so. Whats the difference between these 2 women beside the color of the skin pigment?
@marcorubio Interesting? Have the Puerto Rican has gain all their electricity ( power) back? I was told they havent, why is that? After all its part of the United State of America
@CharlieCrist @RepCharlieCrist I dont know If I can repCharles chris after all what has Joseph done for the people by the people especially the poor low Incom residents such as myself? 
@FLGovScott @Almagro_OEA2015 Latin America? Where is that exactly? What type of aids for the people by the people? Will it be Food,water,clothes,education and shelters?
@FLGovScott Interesting! 
@KamalaHarris Its not just the rent. Its the amount of Income coming in and the amount going out. If a person counts up all their bill of monthly incom it will not be sufficient to pay  their bill with minimum wages such as $8.25; proverty line will be higher than most base on the amount
@AskBMD I did not choose Direct deposit this time around. Ive been trying to log in to changed my perferenced for someone the website keeps kicking me Out. What should I do?
@AskBMD How can I keep my account private if someone is continuing to HACKED in to all of my electronic
@tariqnasheed Im not falling for that. Leys looks at the numbers, compared and contrast. How many black has lose their life from the hand  of a police   officer ?	How many Caucasian has lose their life from a police  Officer??
@tariqnasheed My point exactly how did he provoke her to go that far as we all know a person will not just walked up to you and beat you in your head. Whats the real situation?
@KamalaHarris How about they fight for the prisoners that did their time to regain their voting  right back
@JeffreyBrandes Ive been to apoka there is nothing there for people of colored black as general such as Hispanic, Asian, bi racial, indian, and Hawaiian excluding white
@APrasadPE @JeffreyBrandes Where will you get this large amount of money ?
@JeffreyBrandes I do not support this because these cars will be selective on who they pick up
@FAMMFoundation @JeffreyBrandes @ChristianPost Why the church ? After all it was the state the passed this law for more private prisons and made false arrest
@stupidDOPE @FLGovScott Where is that? What state and city pleases?
@Dilynne25 @FLGovScott What is a Republican committee? Marco Rubio is 3rd in line why is that? Is it about the amount of income that person received yrs or by their race?
@FLGovScott Where are the people such as the tax payer pay  resident and citizens
@FLGovScott I SEE NO DIVERSITY but white peoples whom allegedly angels
@FLGovScott Congratulations  miss. Madison. I am too thriving to be a small business owner since I was 16 yr of age; I am now 30 yrs old I am still thriving I almost lose my life  because of that. 
@FLGovScott Really? Who wrote this report? What sea  changes??
@FLGovScott I do not support it. What springs?? What about the Homeless? Which obe is more important wildlife or a human being such as yourself?
@FLGovScott What non unemployment rate?? For whom exactly?? I been searching for employment since the Months of my injuries that you know of still I havent been hired. Does that mean I will get no tax refund for this year like last year?? 
@RepCharlieCrist Where is the DIVERSITY, INTEGRITY AND COMPETENCE most of All Respect  for those that sacrificed their life such as the black peoples for their children  to have a better day then them
@RepCharlieCrist @DorisMatsui I do not support this bill.. at what age will we get our society security??
@RepCharlieCrist @clearwaterlib Am I included? After all I am a resident and citizens of the state.
@RepCharlieCrist @wusf I dont not support that bill if its only for veterans as you know veterans is just a title for the people that belong to the Govt which it is just a partial 25% not a whole pie  for that bill.Others citizens has the same disease with or without The Titlelike myself.
@RepCharlieCrist @clearwaterlib I would love to meet you, always see you on TV  but not in my person. You were here in largo where I live and I have no ideas such as other like myself who are involved in their community (ies). Why is that? As you know I have no internet unlike you and your relative. 
@RepCharlieCrist @wusf Is it bill just for veterans? About about the rest of the citizens that has PTSD that has the same symptoms as that person whom happened to be veteran
@SenBillNelson Where are the people?? You are talking to
@SenBillNelson Why do they have to drill on the beaches? Why are there so many sinkhole here in fl??
@SenBillNelson What really happened to the oil spilled? Was it in purpose in order to get funding for the non wild life and perfect beaches ?
@SenBillNelson I DO NOT SUPPORT THAT BILL, IT A LIED / fib
@SenBillNelson I dont suppose that bill. The beaches are fine especially for the white peoples that lives on the beach  I almost lose ny life going to the beach . There are NO Algae algae on the beaches unless local and state didnt do their J O B as such like my retention and adop a pond
@SenBillNelson I believe you Mr. Bill Nelson  that is they reason why the got rid of the information
@KenDilanianNBC @SenBillNelson Just because they get rid/ abort the information doesnt mean it didnt exist. Why do you think  they cant find the classified information?
@EcnavAisyal @simplyruthh MayB they are making fun of your guys your country because if that had transpired at H and no M toward a black person. Are you Afrikaans America or just haitiN?
@EcnavAisyal @simplyruthh Really
@VP @NFIB @POTUS I just realized couple weeks ago that FL is a confederate state. All in my 15 yrs living in Fl I had no Idea that it was; I now Overstand the mistreatment towards as a resident since Largo H.S such bias, prejudices and racism
@VP @NFIB @POTUS A comback for who?? Is it for the Rich, Poor or the middle class. I live in largo Fl, in 2016 Ive realized there are NO MIDDLE CLASS here if there are a black persons is married to a white person that can be interchangeable. Why is that?
@SecondLady @TAPSorg @VP Why wasnt I invited? As you know these local, state and possibly federal representatives treated me like like a 3rd grader reader then a college student like your childrens or relatives. 
@SecondLady Where is the Diversity in the great  evening of Honey  B awareness such as spelling bees ?
@SecondLady @VP @TAPSorg I didnt get the invitation in my mail box  after all theyre reading  my mail before it get to me. 
@SecondLady @kilmeade @FoxNews @VP @foxnation Interesting. Throwing frisbee 
@marcorubio Is there a way to find about how manyTRUEBLACK African Americans votedin the zoning and other election such as Local,State and Federal?Excluding the mulattos because they are not black and doesnt consider themselves black unless its voting time which they choose the opposite
@marcorubio Ok  whatever you say. Who created the zoning for school (institution)? I was told it was voted  by the public publix I was wondering who are the publix because I had no idea when I was supposed to vote as you know I very passionate about my involvement in my community (ies)
@marcorubio And still as an adult.When I started picking up the Right book  subconsciously I was thinking things has changed in reality it was just a different method such as crack cocaine and power cocaine theyre the same thing,made the same way Except their way of intake is a different
@marcorubio Interesting!! How did this ungreat un Nation over came their SINS of their past? Who was the Original forefathers? When I was a little girl I thought America(ns) was great  until I became an Adult. There  were things that was kept hidden from when I was a little girl. 
@KamalaHarris What is tge rent release act (REA)? Are you the only one  that wants this bill to pass? How many others want to veto this bill?
@realDonaldTrump Witch hunt like Harry Potter?? Interesting!
@realDonaldTrump Non Great  people that are racist against their own kind. I wonder how many percent of black blood is in their DNA And Blood. Ex. Anderson CNN. Majority will be ashamed if they only knew. I would check if I were you!
@realDonaldTrump Biker  are usually in the white Gang Mr. President. I thought you were against it and they usually attacked other races beside themselves? Are you a biker? I am a golfer ! 
@realDonaldTrump @GovMikeHuckabee @foxandfriends I am still looking for an in Door JOB in The south as a dark skin woman with all my certifications since May of 2018.I have yet been interviewed  and hired in in office setting beside the nursing homes that cant keep a great workers due to their over work and under staff for blk
@realDonaldTrump @GovMikeHuckabee @foxandfriends Did you say unemployment numbers are better than 50 year ago??Can I please have these numbers in order to decipher if its true or false?!	What are the unemployment rate in the South and North, lets compare and contrast. Im Still looking for an in door JOB in the south. 
@realDonaldTrump @harleydavidson I want to boycott all these private sectorsfor discrimination and full prejudice against minority as a whole especially the dark skinned onesuch as myself in the south.I want to boycott Hospices Empath Health for fibing and discriminating against me as an employee in largo,Fl
@realDonaldTrump @DarrellIssa @foxandfriends The biggest media cover up was you winning the election  Mrs. Hillary Clinton shouldve won.
@tariqnasheed Who is the nonfox lady who has been brainwashed .Let send her to do some hard labor work instead of sitting on her non Asset.. what has Trump done thus far beside Murdering the black minority one by one and continue to drained the resources from the black minority communities
@tariqnasheed @Tuoyomichelange I completely agree. They more drama that mean more viewers
@tariqnasheed They are massacring us black people one by one . We all must put a STOP  to it now before it get any farther. We Must put all our resources together and stand together in order to stop  them from killing US one by one. The race soldiers are going down the line...
@theappeal They must remove the badge for wasting the State money. I know for a fact their children disrespect them. How about he handcuffed his children Better yet the little kids in his families
@KamalaHarris It is time to raise the wages after all We the American print the paper  Money . We must look  out for the poor and middle class. 
@KamalaHarris Yes the Government failed the light  skin American. They will continue to do so if they black peoples doesnt come together like the white peoples. After all theyre only American because of voting  purposes because they dont get treated any better than a black person.
@MarieMurcelle1 @KamalaHarris @Only4RM Why must we pick aside? After all it was just republicans fighting for the farmers and the poor. 
@EQUASHION @KamalaHarris @AnnKeenan3434 How can you sleep with your enemies eventually they will attack you
@JusDucky27 @KamalaHarris High security and if they do hack into our grid there must be consequences
@KamalaHarris I agree  completely. We must protect our self from other country meddling and security warfare
@marcorubio @POTUS Get rid of Fox  news which is no news. 
@realDonaldTrump If only you told the true there will be no F A K E media.
@IvankaTrump Sure it is. Can I please have the percentage of true black employees that has that certification??
@hodakotb Happy birthday  to you my L O V e!!
@tariqnasheed Theyre trying to take the first amendment and commitment away from the citizens. Hes practicing his 1 amendment right as a tax payers and as a citizen
@tariqnasheed Oh really. Thats interesting
@marcorubio Oh really. Let talk about the policy and changes you can make for the people and by the people
@Jessiewoo_ Yrs and u? Pussy tight n clean
@realAliTweets By tossing da salad 
@realAliTweets Amen  he might like it both ways
@SenFeinstein I wanted to be Part of Coast Guard ( career)  but as you know has a dark woman ( men &amp; women ) it is impossible to join in Anywhere especially in the South. I live in Fl I just find out its one  of the land of Slave Holder by reading the history of confederate flag. 9/11 
@Molly3186 Space Its very fascinating so does the music which has low frequency that the black people are rapping and singing ... 
@IngrahamAngle How can I be a happy  warrior when the white people are sending orders to kill (ed) my family (ieds) warriors?? Explain that to me please
@IngrahamAngle Can you please explain how radical democratically has become as to they reason why?? And what is the minimum wages in your state? What is your yearly income? How many children  do you have my friend?
@KamalaHarris The Government thrive on the poor in order for them to continue to go shopping, buy mansions and travel the Netherlands ( 3rd world countries) #EIE. Were Human or animals or Clones
@KamalaHarris I love  a transparency work enthic of a government of the United State of America!
@marcorubio I disagree with drawing fund from SS. At what age does a normal person get social security and how much if they working Minimum wage? Since 1965
@tedlieu I agree  with the press. Whats ratchet up??
Do trump still feel the same way today ??@realDonaldTrump 	https://t.co/ipooT7kETq
How Section 8 Housing Work.. It said you may choise wherever you want in reality everything and everyone has a small section https://t.co/d2QWoAUd7j via @howstuffworks
@realDonaldTrump You president of the unUnited state because you stole the election 
@Akon Sexy
@PenceConscience @realDonaldTrump I agree
@KamalaHarris @RandPaul That is true.
@TheChickLivesOn Amen . My question is why do you want to take America backwards?? Who benefited in the old bad days? Who continue to reaped of the sow of their  great X 4-8 parents ??
@kathygriffin It a form of math which is division. To continue to divide minority especially black to Decreased their numbers by killing them..
@Bornabrit1 I agree 
@hodakotb Interesting. Thank you  I needed to hear that
@stonecold2050 I love  this painting. Great  artist
@ThePerezHilton @PerezHilton @cocoperez @RioVegas @Chippendales @CaesarsEnt @Vegas Look  at that smile
@drboycewatkins1 You cant build much is you divided either.  why you dp think  it divided all the black peoples even the ones that dont think theyre black
@cherrycastles I agree  with perez. Its not the only time
@Molly3186 Reduction of deficits
@Mastermind7864 I doubt it
@tariqnasheed Lol 
@thornecanada @bellathorne @tanamongeau Interesting
@chelseahandler Interesting. Who owns the 3D printers Specifically in the south??
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump I think  it simply bullshiii. A person only attacked the law enforcement when they continued to conspired against that person and to hid the evidences.
@KamalaHarris If they hidings it thats mean there are hidden things they dont want the public to know
@FoxBusiness @POTUS @IvankaTrump How many black&amp;Minoritys have been tricked to taken a loan out for a certification that they know they wont or cant find a job in by the hiring agencyOrHR due to the pigment of their skins tone like myself specifically speaking in the South.That loan because 3 different loans
@FoxBusiness @POTUS @IvankaTrump With this new bill that just passed. How many Black &amp; Minoritys will be benefiting from it?I went to a technical college for Medical lab assistant, took a loan out I couldnt find a job in the south regarding the certificate that I worked so hard for. Still today!
@ThePerezHilton @PerezHilton @cocoperez I got hot sauce in my bags
@KamalaHarris I agree  I was just discussing with an employee about everything things is going up but our wages
Clearwater the county of Clear water not dirty  https://t.co/bGcZtyXYar
@ddlovato @Fabletics Demi whats going on??? Please get back to your true self. Get rid of those money hungry  non friends n fam that giving bad advice. Take some time out for your self. Just your self to find yourself again. Please Demi do it for the lil girl thats inside of you. 
@WFLASteveA @WFLA @WFLAJamel That Occurred in Clearwater. The same city where I called police for helped when i was Threatened by the bartender. He jumped out his truck to beat me almost lose my life. Then handcuffed me to asked questions
@TopherSpiro 12 billion dollars ? Really ??how about he put it in the c and D school to improve their grades
@PikachuSerena Amen  he screw the country raw without condom
@ThePerezHilton @ChrisBooker @PerezHilton @cocoperez  my story perez. Get me on your show to spill the beans
@ThePerezHilton @ChrisBooker @PerezHilton @cocoperez I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TMZ I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TMZ My true story of what occurred to me when I got involved in my community such as local, state n federal 
@BTS_twt I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@BTS_twt My story of what occurred to me when I get involved in my community such as local, state and federal 
@people I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@people My true story of what occurred to me due to getting involved in my community 
@KarlRove @EveningEdit @FoxBusiness I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@KarlRove @EveningEdit @FoxBusiness My true story for getting involved in my community such as local, state and federal
@kyrstensinema @chelseahandler My true story for getting involved in my community
@kyrstensinema @chelseahandler I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@VINNYGUADAGNINO @snooki I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@PerezHilton I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@PerezHilton Hey paris here my truth IT HOT IN PARIS s VOICE 
@rustyrockets I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@rustyrockets Here  my truth. My love 
@KellyOsbourne I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@nicolerichie I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@nicolerichie You are still beautiful !! Hete my truth
@ashleesimpson Here my truth as a woman to a woman
@ashleesimpson I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@ashleesimpson @realevanross Cant wait for the new music 
@JessicaSimpson I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@JessicaSimpson I love  you JESSICA. Here my truth. I had few of your album 
@TheMandyMoore @KayOyegun I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TheMandyMoore Such a beautiful voice
@TheMandyMoore I love  you especially in the movie  when you had cancer and you You fell in love 
@NBCThisisUs @SterlingKBrown @skelechiwatson I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@Bosslogic @SonyPictures I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@Avengers I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MarvelStudios I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@SpiderVerse @HaileeSteinfeld @shameikmoore @MrJakeJohnson @chrizmillr @philiplord My favorite show when I was a kid 
@SpiderVerse I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@scottmenville I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TeenTitansMovie I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@LonnieChavis @TeenTitansMovie I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@LonnieChavis @TeenTitansMovie My favorite show Teen Titans. Here my truth because youre not too far from it.. my have a son a little older than you. Know your rights in the constitution
@skelechiwatson @TelevisionAcad @SterlingKBrown @MiloVentimiglia @Dan_Fogelman I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@SullivanTweet @theragun I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@ChrissyMetz @attn I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@SterlingKBrown @sixxTV @NBCThisisUs @MiloVentimiglia @TheMandyMoore @ChrissyMetz @justinhartley @skelechiwatson @SullivanTweet I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@ddlovato @Fabletics I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@ddlovato @Fabletics Here my truth as a college student  of St. Petersburg college in pinellas county of  Florida
@ddlovato @Fabletics I love  you demi. I listened to your music all the time 
@klgandhoda @ChickfilA I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TODAYshow @KeithUrban I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers  jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  FL without any questions.After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@hodakotb I agree !! I used to watch your show all the time!!!
@hodakotb I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@GlobalFRP @CooneyCenter @TheCLAlliance I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@instituteofplay I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@CooneyCenter @girlscouts @verge I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@HuffPostParents I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@PBSKIDS Still do still today love 
@PBSKIDS I loved PBS KIDS show when a kids 
@vocera I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@mbeans @Nuna_USA I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MarcSnetiker @TheBabyGuyNYC I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TheBabyGuyNYC @realDonaldTrump I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TheBabyGuyNYC @realDonaldTrump I am all about true Justice for all whether it a black, yellow, white person!!! Most of all I preach LOVE 
@MomCentral I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@PBSKIDS I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TheFurchester I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@CooneyCenter @SesameWorkshop @NewAmericaEd @JoyceFdn I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@SpicyPrawn I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@TheMuppets @KermitTheFrog @MissPiggy @FozzieBear @GonzotheGreat @SpicyPrawn @ElectricMayhem @Rizzo @GoferScooter @unclebydeadly @StatlerWaldorf I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@McGrawHillK12 @SesameWorkshop I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@McGrawHillK12 @SesameWorkshop I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@AbbyCadabbySST @MeCookieMonster @AustraliaZoo I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@Rizzo I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@bertsesame I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@CountVonCount I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MissPiggy I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MissPiggy I love  you miss piggy 
@OscarTheGrouch I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@SesameErnie @bertsesame I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@SesameErnie @bertsesame Help me get this white Supremacists in jail/ prison for almost taking my life away for simply being black on the beach 
@elmo I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@elmo I hope  so Elmo because I love  you and so does my child  here in Fl.
@BigBird One  of My favorite show was the big bird as a kid
@BigBird I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MeCookieMonster I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MeCookieMonster I love  the remix
@sesamestreet I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@sesamestreet My favorite show as a young kid, preteen
@ByRosenberg @arasmusKTVU I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@arasmusKTVU @Sorry2BotherYou I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@GasiaKTVU I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@ROrozcoKTVU I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@FMallicoatKTVU I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@PCooknewsKTVU @FMallicoatKTVU @KTVU I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MichelleKPIX I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@NedaKPIX @MichelleKPIX @KPIXtv Whos going to interview me for almost losing my life from these officers   that I called for help??!!
@NedaKPIX @MichelleKPIX @KPIXtv I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@MichelleKPIX I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@brianyuenKPIX I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@SenWarren @abigailsterling @realDonaldTrump I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@JoeKPIX @tariqnasheed I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@tariqnasheed I find it Hilarious because when I called for help on 22/4/18 after a bartender threatened my life the officers   jumped out of his truck to beat me almost killed me on Clearwater beach  without any questions. After he handcuffed me that when he wanted to asked questions!
@KamalaHarris Although it said in their paperwork They will be able to purchase home, find a good career and have good health benefits for the PTSD they would be experienced after murdering these babies, young n old innocent people for materials Goods. Can we please recruit trump childrens
@KamalaHarris What the reason trump numbers increased for young men and women to join the military?? After all majority of black or minority doesnt have those same benefits a white person has. Perfect ex. World war 1,2. They won the war but came home  with not even a pot to piss on.
@KamalaHarris Ok will do
@realDonaldTrump I almost lose my life in the hand  of a white supremacist that were put in the street to protect and serve all citizens whether theyre are black, yellow or white. I AM BLACK woman MR. president @VP. I called for help Mr. Vp 
@realDonaldTrump That makes no sense Mr. president some of them are practicing their right against racism on the field. Therere too many black boys, girls, mens and womens whom happened to be black dying on the hand  of white Supremacist. Are you one  of them Mr. President?
@jazminepreciou1 @tariqnasheed Amen 
@drboycewatkins1 Honestly involvement in the economy and education is what turn me on and sometimes I released myself from it. 
@KamalaHarris Must be nice !
@realDonaldTrump We must have PEACE  in our backyard before we can forced peace  another country such as RUSSIA  N GERMANY 
@realDonaldTrump Regardless Mr. president I almost lose my life again today picking a minor from summer school at Ridgecrest elementary in Pinellas county
@realDonaldTrump One of your city and state working almost killed me by a another car accident while i have a child in the car with me. The ambulance  crossing the intersection had NOSIREN on while cross.The truck in front of me quickly stop while Im pushing on break and honking. 
@marcorubio I have a child  in the car with me. Who can I report them to??? Its obvious theyre trying to kill me? Whats the reason they want to bury me??! What did i do??
@marcorubio One  of your city and state employees almost caused another accident. The ambulance  crossing the intersection ulmerton and Seminole didnt have their siren on while the truck in front of me quickly pushed on their break while Im honking and pushing in my break.
@SheriffPinellas Several of your city workers amost caused me another accident. The ambulance  crossing the intersection of ulmerton and Seminole going towards Missouri did not have their sirens on the vehicle truck infront of me quickly stop . I had a child  in the car  with me
@marcorubio What happened to the live camera  on these officers  here in Pinellas county?One  almost took my life!!!!! As you and your board already know!! 
@tariqnasheed The pervious establishment I used to work for (4) They Eliminated the black dark skin employees such as myself https://t.co/bGnQsfIStN
@hmgarth14  https://t.co/kEp3ShmPFV
@Pajjr2016 Amen  let me take the seat because I have true love  all across the board https://t.co/Xw4FZtorEL
@theaddamstweets @kylegriffin1 I love  It. he forever lying  to cover his buttocks like the size of his penis such as puss in boot  which one 
@kylegriffin1 Of course he lying  just like these officers   that killed, beat and asked questions when you on the ground or 12,6 feet under
@Jim_Jordan @Comey Here change for you https://t.co/u8WJB4eEcP
@tariqnasheed Amen  like me smh 
I often wonder what my true or your true ancestors  looks like under the WIGS. I used to wonder the reason why they wear a wigs then It came to me. Albinos n albinos = light babies plus horse equals long soft hair n white skin. I have hair like sheep  curlylikeindian https://t.co/JfT3b4QYGY
Hey  he said hey, I said meow  or mooooo https://t.co/gjFDVGiQUB
When a TRILLION dollars  is on the elevator #Beyonce https://t.co/WkGhSUn7mG
I am GOD child  From ABOVE!!! https://t.co/6tukCv5wcT
@HouseGOP Is black or brown people included??  what foes this picture tell you?? https://t.co/IftH8krds5
@MarkCal24747447 Do you have non affordable insurance!?
@marcorubio Unity for all especially the dark skin pigment tone theyve been killing. I almost died in one  of state multiple hands  https://t.co/S40zRJOBYf
@KamalaHarris @JeffMerkley @CatherineForNV Unity for all extremely the black is what I am fighting for. That who theyve been killing since 599 yrs ago. https://t.co/9P5bLGWJhJ
@realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/WEdXcNuG1A
@WhiteHouse You have to get involve in other communities beside the White communties or the yellow community. What about the black communities like myself where my grandma  or grandpa  In laws took me in
@WhiteHouse No you should give your seat  up since you stoled the election . It was not a fair fight should I say fair battle or running against a woman who would have won fairly. You have no experienced in any federal election Mrs. Hillary has been. Hillary Clinton .
@marcorubio Its a host. Like a Anonymous!!!   
@KamalaHarris I agree . I will stand with you !!
@realDonaldTrump The Economy of the united state has been weaker then before extremely weaker than The previous President!
@tariqnasheed @thedailybeast That what they do or should I say been doing. Perfect  ex. I got Terminated for simply going to a supervisor to file a complaint against another employee that is white and she then retaliated with other nurses against me which is also on the policy!!! No retaliation!! 
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @kilmeade Nr. President unemployment rate SkyRockets ever since he took office. What is the average rate of true black people working in every state, county And city?? Can I please have the numbers for that..
@marcorubio How about we remove trump from the president seat for is wrongness and stealing the election  with his best friends help
@KamalaHarris What about you pass a bill for Officers  is that killed young black man and woman. Lets do something about it, pass a bill so we wont have to die like myself for simply being black pigmentation
@KamalaHarris What about hate crime for Black Peoples??? Majority of LGBT  are white peoples that want to adopt young boys to molest or girl. There is no love in their heart  especially the Elite
@marcorubio Not if trump working together with him... conspiring to get rid of the blacks like your ancestors
@PutinRF_Eng @realDonaldTrump You both shaking inder pressure. Who was anonymous??
@PutinRF_Eng @realDonaldTrump Tell the truth but I know you not thatbwillbget you off your high horse  or should I aay high chair. I know for a fact you hackes (ed) into our system to change Hillary vote for (4.00$) Trump!! 
@tictoc @annmarie Putin is lying  just like trump. He hacked into all the system to won the election
@IvankaTrump Tell the world the trump that hes your Godfather. Putin V
@TimShriver @GovChrisSununu Whats the reason it has been ONLY WHITE PEOPLES SHOOTING THESE SCHOOLS?? Now and in history?? Is it because They DONT WANT BLACK PEOPLES TO LEARN HOW TO READ AND WRITE as you know all the read state Minoritys and especially black dont know how to read and write.
@PeaceCorps @TimShriver Where are they? What city and state please?? Is it just basketball  they can play? Do they have a brain ? They dont look happy, whats the reason? Do you get on your knees and pray??
@TimShriver @BankofAmerica @SpecialOlympics @AnneFinucane What the ratio of black employees in Bank of NonAmerica??
@TimShriver @BankofAmerica Where is the diversity in all pictures??
@TimShriver @united @SpecialOlympics Can I please get the ratio if these disabilities that you helped especially the true black?? 
@TimShriver @SpecialOlympics @espn Do you lead from a true heart  or a blind brain  like lady Justice?? 
@amyklobuchar @TimShriver @starkeycares @SpecialOlympics Do you lead from your true heart  or your brain . Is it even across the board?? Or is it just blind like everything else youve fought for?? 
@amyklobuchar Must be nice 
@SenSherrodBrown Is that fair or just. Since you a veteran can you tell me about your experienced regarding the blacks  and poor white. 
@SenSherrodBrown What about the black men and women that won the war for this country. As you know we were first in line to fight for this country we call great America. They dont protect us here but continue to killed us one  by one !
@SenSherrodBrown The best conversations comes from the minority black like myself that had endured pain and continue to sacrifice our own people for our kids, husband, mother, uncles, aunt and friends..  look at me, look what they did to me for simply being a dark skin woman
@SenSherrodBrown @MarkWarner @SenJackReed @SenSchumer @SenatorMenendez @SenatorDurbin @SenFeinstein @SenatorLeahy I agree. It was a well plan planned from 11 years ago when Brush was in office.. get Putin out our businesses!!! 
@SenJoniErnst What did you have to do to get in that position you in?? Iowa is a racist state like Fl
@SenJoniErnst Its goes straight to your pockets or should I say your white Guys pocket. Not for the masses like myself
@SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SBALinda @IAGovernor Where is the diversity on the small table. All I see is white! Do you know you have a small percentage of black blood in you?? 
@SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SBALinda @IAGovernor What women small busines??? Where Im at there is alot if businesses but I dont see anybody that looks like me having business if they do, its a hole in the wall like my ancestors not your ancestors!! 
@IvankaTrump I see it has been more more more work for black peoples like myself and no pay  while they sit in their office stealing pay from the black peoples like myself
@IvankaTrump If this bill is pass make sure it even across the board.Make sure they put money aside for black peoples in a reserve to be investigated later on for true black peoples like myself, my sonandnieces.Make sure they are black so they wont continue to steal money from uslikehousing
@IvankaTrump They lied  to me they didnt tell me it was personal leave, they didnt tell me what kind of leave it was. HR told me my date of leave was April 15, it wasnt. This will not benefit Me (moi) but the true white and yellow babies . What about people that look  like me???
@IvankaTrump Interesting!Now who are going to get approve for the National paid leave?I know for a fact it wont be Minoritys,if there is it will be 1/1000.Look at me,look what they did to me for simply beingadark skin.Put an affirmation to that please to black only 980/1000.More worknopay
@KamalaHarris Amen  I bow   to you my Queen 
@tariqnasheed Its was all of a plan. They pushed you to do that, shen you defend yourself its an issue because its was his sacrifices. Is that what they going to do to me??? Is this just a test like the others??? That was defending themselves
@marcorubio May Jesus tell G O D the true. Truth is my motto, what about you Mr. Rubio???
@tariqnasheed He got what he was looking  for (4)
@realDonaldTrump As YOU, administration, families, ancestors, friends know MONEY  cant not take you to the Kingdoms of GOD!! You cant live forever. It a true cycle. Birth , live ,death unless you a vampire . I rather go to heaven with the rest of your and mines ancestors. FAM
@iamcardib Congratulations princess
@pastormarkburns @realDonaldTrump You know they always send a black persons to do their dirty works like the over seers. Master he didnt do homework master, didnt feed the baby  master for some butter biscuits to turn around and spit in your mama face..
@pastormarkburns @realDonaldTrump Accept who you are because you came out of a black vagina like all your ancestors. Please read your darnnn history before you were that hat  
@realDonaldTrump I see your kind everyday here that look just like you, have Greed and hatred in his heart just like you for money.Ex. Steve Job. What is he doing with his money? Why did IPhonecreated and mac ? What about the poor like your ancestors you promised that you were going tohelp
@realDonaldTrump That you have our own kinds treat us bad so we can go run  to the ghost  evil peoples that created like yourself. Perfect  ex. ISIS &amp;911. Who created these issues to stayed in office?? Did they want to Inpreach Brush as a president, is that the reason they created 9/11
@realDonaldTrump That bullshiii trump. It was just an excuse for you to say he was part of Obama. Perfect ex, the library that is now connected with SPC was divided last year and now theyre are connected to keep the dark skin Minoritys out the building your same ancestors uswd to worked in.
@mytruepov @KamalaHarris We must change these bills especially gir the poor and middle class
@thorshammer45 @MarkCal24747447 @KamalaHarris One  of my favorite movie   Except Im not running from anything I didnt do
@KamalaHarris We need clean air, and water and nonGMO food 
@tariqnasheed It even worse in the institutions here in the NonSouth
@KamalaHarris Its seem like out current President is trying to reverse everything that in the Justice books   for all including color people like myself
@1centthinker @SueG196315 @cathryneoden @timthecripple @DutyOfAPatriot @KamalaHarris Hello putin. Are you there other Hitler like Hitler mini me
@KamalaHarris The supreme court should actually follow the words thats on the books   its in black-and-white True Justice for citizens. Not a blind justice for people of color but a true Justice. Not just for white only.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @USNATO Whats human rights?
@FLOTUS Whats Human right?
@IvankaTrump What is human rights?
@realDonaldTrump Whats human rights?
@KamalaHarris I agree  Ive been fighting for freedom all my life i have yet to obtain it
@kbirthisel @LouDobbs @gatewaypundit If Im lying  Im flying. Do i have wings to fly??
@EverythingDoubt @VP @POTUS Oh wow really? I thought for one second that was you!!! 
@SueG196315 @cathryneoden @timthecripple @DutyOfAPatriot @KamalaHarris Amen  me too. Please go back to history read and take note  and pretend that person was you or a family member
@stixie1234 @KamalaHarris I completely agree. Perfect  example go back to history tell me what you see and read  
@KamalaHarris Well that was Trump plan before he took office. The richest supported him so tell that to the rich
@BernieSanders We must Stop  this from happening. I will stand woth you! 
@NAACP @CoryBooker I agree  when we are tire and cant no longet take their mistreatment. It was worse in the old bad days. Why backwards?
@NAACP @HilaryOShelton I agree  I will stand with you.
@FoxNews @POTUS I had to decline your nomination. You will be conspiring with Trump which to destroy these life of citizens and the United state of America!! 
@KamalaHarris We cant no longer trust trump and his mindset
@AltUSPressSec @marcorubio Amen  who is christ
@hilory @SouthernBlueDog @marcorubio I agree 
@SouthernBlueDog @marcorubio I agree
@marcorubio Are we in a church  session pastor? 
@NPSI1970 @KamalaHarris Lynching is still legal in certain states such as Mississippi where theyre living like its in the 1920
@another_davis @stixie1234 @KamalaHarris Bunches of crap  its Guilty until proven innocent 
@stixie1234 @KamalaHarris Blah blah you commit crime all the time you just havent got caught. Theyre blind sided by your pigment tone
@mrkcrpntr @CaTrumpGrl @KamalaHarris I will definitely signed the bill reform and will stand with her!
@ToddyLittman @Wendyrnl @another_davis @DanWhidby @KamalaHarris @POTUS @FBI Come on now! What about the mass shooting in the school, movie theater, university, clubs theyre captured still alive with no scratches on them. Can you compare an apple  with a snake ? No!!!
@Wendyrnl @another_davis @DanWhidby @KamalaHarris @POTUS Well honestly he is Guilty. Do you know your history. Go back to world war 1 and 2. Read about Hitler During  the holocaust
@another_davis @DanWhidby @KamalaHarris Thats wrong honey. the United state of America citizens are Guilty before theyre innocent. Ive experienced it myself and see others go through the same things. 
@DanWhidby @KamalaHarris How about the police   or official dont lie on them or set them up as you already know. like my beautiful self. Speaking from experience!! 
@SueG196315 @cathryneoden @timthecripple @DutyOfAPatriot @KamalaHarris Or fight like our body which is automatic system flight or fight. Which are you??
@DutyOfAPatriot @KamalaHarris Can you please tell me how cam She destroy America? Is trump rebuilding your America? What were the 13 colonies? Why is United States  of America has 50-54 states?
@KamalaHarris I agree  and thats is the reason why they sit the bail so high so citizens can ait in jail to continue to make money    of them. My taxes.	, fees, fines and other money  theyre Collecting to pocket it or make more money of it.. #Greed#
@Top_Sergeant I apologized that I have to compare trump with Hitler. Does anyone else think  so? Just look  at what has transpiring since he took office. What has he done so far but sale US United state of America a bunch of bull crap . 
@balthsbart @VP @POTUS That is true Mr. President. I meant to say our previous Presidents.  I will continue to stand with you. My Aunt aka mother Read your books 
@canyoncatz @VP @POTUS Demo = people  cracy = authoritys. Which mean the officials government are our (people: citizens) authority to protect and serve whether black, white, pink, yellow or purple. 
@lmbuzzard @VP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Amen  I agree  and will Stand with you... MONEY  is the ROOT of all EVILS. He knows that! 
@Vote_Randy_Out @VP @randalricci @POTUS That is true. The Constitution was created by humans.. 
@ForeverLogical @VP @POTUS He should have no such rights as  of right now especially now!!! That is a huge decision  for the supreme judge of the United States  of America.. do a thorough background check on them both?
@VP @POTUS Yes!!! The constitution uphold our(my) freedom from non partisan. James Madison whom worked so hard for our freedom including gaving these clauses to slavery and non slavery. Why did Abraham Lincoln abolished slavery? Why did the South not follow these laws that were passed?
@realDonaldTrump The fact and evidence doesnt lie    unliked our mouth 
@ParisHilton That Hot  !!!. Where have you been??
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump I agree  with @tedlieu the fact and evidence doesnt lie
@mike_pence Can you please name these types of gang?? I have been having issues here in my county with Aryan brotherhood and other white gang such as skin head on campuses
@realDonaldTrump I hope  you pick the right one like Omarosa in the apprentice
@KamalaHarris Amen 
@marcorubio What are you trying to tell me here?   paper 
@VP @POTUS @ICEgov @SecNielsen @DHSgov https://t.co/s5vxsk6h1q
@WhiteHouse @POTUS That a lie. https://t.co/s5vxsk6h1q
@realDonaldTrump The election  was not a fair election as you know! 	1. Why are so against abortion? 2. What is the first amendment? 3.What is the bill of right? 4.What is the fourteenth amendment?5. What is the imminent lawless action test? 6.Roe vs Wade (1973) is THE RIGHT TO PRIVACY IN CONST
@KamalaHarris That is a hard decision or choice to make. Let asked trump and his administration which one  they want a job or their children?
@realDonaldTrump Also celebrate  the year british and american signed the deal of defense 
@KamalaHarris  I agree I will stand with anyone that is fighting for the Good of human beings
@KamalaHarris We definitely need clean air and water in order to keep the race from being exiled
@realDonaldTrump What about Reinstated felons with their votings  right as soon as they do their time in penitentiary?? That will be a bonus trump, as you how difficult it is for employment, housing, funding and others when you have a record
@SusanWBrooks My questions is us the tax cut included people that makes 20-50 k yrs
@HouseGOP What about Police  brutality and death rates in their hands ???
@realDonaldTrump What are the plans for us and Minoritys, most if all people that loooks like me??
@HouseGOP @POTUS I hope  it not a crap of bull since he took office
@IvankaTrump @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Why are we being Tax for food ??? But when I swipe the EBT card they dont tax it. Why is that??Ivanka
@IvankaTrump @POTUS @SecPompeo @StateDept I wrote this one  for you Ivanka and my prince  https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ what are you thought if the role was reversed, lets say one of your brothers.. What about the blind enrollment, is that White only?? university Im attending its a 1% of Minoritys
@VP @POTUS The literacy rate here in the south is very high when it comes to minority likes myself. I wrote a poem. https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ what are you thoughts if the role was reversed??
@VP @POTUS Mr. VP i am not happy with the reversed of affirmation action. I had and currently having trouble with the institution I currently attended due to the pigment of my skin tone. Ive bullied and lied on. Blind enrollment is white only? 
@CBPSouthTexas @DHSgov What about the white gang at my university such as Skin Heads and Aryan brotherhood??  I wrote a poem, tell me what you think ? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@ICEgov @DHSgov What about the white gang at my school such as Skin heads and Aryan brotherhood?? I feel very intimidated by them. I wrote a poem, what do you think ? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@DHSgov @POTUS @CBP @ICEgov https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ what so you think  about this poem
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Where is employment for minority like myself and my families here in the state. What are we supposed to do with minimum wage $ 8 hr with children .. what is your current salary? How am I supposed to pay  my bills as you know they doubled https://t.co/U0qfzONB9p charged us!
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @ICEgov What about the white Gang in my university such skin heafmd and Aryan brotherhood. I wrote a poem, what do you think. https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@WhiteHouse @POTUS https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ. Tell me what you think  i would like to get honest answers here
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Doing great for the white only.  Im Not doing  great, not even Good. Right now Im just a walking  dead  shell in Neutral.. https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@DineshDSouza Race blind is white only. Because theyre color blind. I wrote a poem, what do you ? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@marcorubio This one  for you Mr.Rubio https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@KatiePavlich I am proud to be British American. I just found out, how about you? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@realDonaldTrump Hellos Mr. President hru this good evening? NSA was created in October of 2011 after the 9/11 incident that they claimed was a torrist attack. Do you believe that? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ i wrote a poem for Ivanka and the rest of the world 
@RandPaul https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ tell me what you  think? If you like it or nah
@BillOReilly Hey  Bill, HRU?? What do you think  about my poem? Send me an email https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@DanaPerino Does a Dog  has more right than a minority such as myself https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@MittRomney What do you think ? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@LouDobbs @gatewaypundit Whatvdo you think? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ.  He may has Top obamas approval numbers but alot of minority has died while he been in Office in the first yrs and  second yrs. idk  about the 3rd yr.
@IngrahamAngle https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@netanyahu https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@ericbolling What do you think ?? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@GovMikeHuckabee What do you think about my poem?? https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
Hey  United States  of Americas https://t.co/U0qfzP5cxZ
@realDonaldTrump What about the white gang such as Aryan brothers,  bikers and others? Please dont pick and choose whos doing wrong base on race in comparing  Caucasian (white) and minority (black). If white and black doing wrong then send both them home not just  the black  ones.
@tariqnasheed Very blunt with his racist comments
@marcorubio I am confused  Mr. Rubio is this. Church  session??
@IAMSAFAREE 
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump US official can also lied  about NK
@tariqnasheed Can I get the ratio of the different ethnic group in race?
@tariqnasheed They have a marched?
@politico Ok  trump I wont get cute. How about Beautiful, as you know I  am a beautiful young woman  like Ivanka
@marcorubio The people need to know whats going on in the White House  . Just like we the people should know whats going on in the judicial system .I thought it was built on Honesty andJustice for All not just a portion orsection for those that had wealth and forget da poor
@marcorubio Of course Mr. Putin was involved in the election  that was the only way trump can win the election . Trump himself said that, Money  talk louder than honesty these days unfortunately
@realDonaldTrump What about the poor areas/ section such as the Ghetto/Hood those are also parts of America, are you gonna make these areas great  again? Or are you going to continue to deprive (d)  from it and makes more profits of nothing. As you know youve been making a trills of the Poor
@tariqnasheed It better to break nails than Cranial/ cephalic like myself and other specific body parts
How can you tell me to make a choice whether my MRI order or refill on my pain meds... I told the D.O behind his name that I dont care  if I go to debts to be treated like a regular human being. When some animals has better treatment for care than myself . 
Simply dislike it
@marcorubio Did your ancestors fought to this land or put their life in the lines for the president?? because my families has and still is as Today
@marcorubio What is an activist? Where you were once an activist for yourself as a child , teenager and now an adult?? Did you fought for yourfamilies to be here in the Great Land of Freedom United States  of America.
@DCToddM @KamalaHarris @RepMaxineWaters That what they do to the poor like myself when I enter their establishment. I guess even the street too such as traffic camera  to instruct the police  where we are located byside the GPA on your phones  and all apps that we used and unused
@KamalaHarris At what course for healthcare?? . It should be a minimum pay  for those that need it instead of the Rich.. look at the Obama care it really didnt help the poor like myself
@KamalaHarris Its the least United of America can do for the childrens  of their ancestors. Free college, tuition for books , supplies, board room for students and travel students as well
@NancyPelosi From sea  to shining sea  like Moses
@marcorubio What about the same company Ive worked for for 4 years mistreat you as a patient and still is as of today from other businesses they associate themselves. Should I have hatred in my heart for them
@IvankaTrump @opicgov I like you better than your mother Melanie
@IvankaTrump Such as what exactly? 
@SenSchumer I agree
@marcorubio You must not go to church
I may be Poor but I have a heart  unless some that has nothing but zero in the bank https://t.co/8598dQnUrY
Who Messing with my tweets that I had posted like my other social medias
@realDonaldTrump No its not the fake new mr. trump. It just her orders by you because you hate your own kind like Mr. president. How can a president of the United state hate the people he governed?
@FLOTUS @SecAzar @HHSGov She has done nothing for the children in need but wear a damn jacket  that stated that she doesnt like them. How could a First Lady like herself be against immigrant like herself
@realDonaldTrump What about the people that fought the Indian to steal their land, did we build a boarder for them? Or did we co exist and or put us in reservation? I dont receive any benefits for that, why is that?
@FLOTUS I read the book  about the Texas Indian fighter the war to keep a piece of their land. Did you read it Mr VP?
@realDonaldTrump Immigration crisis where as you know this land called united stand will taken from the original people called Indian like myself
@marcorubio Its better than nothing most will say
I just simply love  it https://t.co/Vznw7BNRgH
@KodakBlack1k Tell auntie I said Alo 
@KodakBlack1k Hey Kodak cousins
@MissThrilla @KeyshiasDiamond I like that its different
@Wale Earth  wind  fire  water  my favorite show wale
@buttaflyy82 @KimKardashian Oh
@realDonaldTrump Can I please see you tax returns
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump Happy Fathers Day 
@KamalaHarris Expensive is America Middle name after all we the people print the money ?? Why are we still in debt with China ?
@realDonaldTrump Are you one  of the dishonest people?? How did you really win this election ? Ive noticed nobody asked about where you from as opposed to the previous president? Why is that?? Where your great  great time 5 born and raised??
@realDonaldTrump Who the phony witch hunt mr president??
@AndrewFeinberg I will stand with you. Im too tired  of their lies. Are they going back to Jim Crow era??
@BabyAriel Yes Ive
@PreetBharara Smh  Trump, how would you feel if it was all your children  from different mothers that they separating ?? Elaborate yourself please
@KimKardashian Hey kimmy, how NW my babies ?
@KimKardashian Why da hell you have braids on the scalp?? Im confused 
@RWPUSA They are so religious, why are their a high rate of missing children ?
@EndDeportations Resisting we all must stand for injustice for mankind
@richdollaz Me 3 
@KamalaHarris Mrs. Kamala are they gonna do like South Africa  when they create a natural disaster high death  toll and move Caucasian there to say they are natural born Purto Rican like in Dominican Republic  where they pushed the dark pigment human back to Haiti .?
@richdollaz I think  so
@realDonaldTrump The election  was unfair..  people that was supposed to vote for Hillary didnt because of the lies  of her going to prison
@marcorubio I am proud of China . United stayed has been stealing every thing from others to tax them and put them in prisons like the football  player
@RWPUSA @CBSPolitics I will stand with you
@EndDeportations Know what hypocrites he is such as mr president. I read your book  how to become financially stable
@marcorubio He also said a tongue  4 a tongue, an eyes  4 an eyes and heart  for a heart.. do you pray to Jesus or God?? 
@KamalaHarris I will stand with you. You should have been The President
@marcorubio He has a new album?? Snoop Dog  said he need to sleep  with some good flavored women
@IvankaTrump @usedgov @WHOSTP Who will be in all those positions as you know Minoritys job rates are extremely low and will continue unless we the Government put a stop  to the injustice, bias and prejudice towards minority; Especially toward the males and dark pigment men and women
@marcorubio What was in the contract as you know American or America dont do nothing but lies because Ive experienced it myself 
@KamalaHarris There has been more childrens that has been separated from their parents or guardian, lets time it by 4
@IvankaTrump I really hope it fair across the board. I recalled waiting 4 years on Coordinate childcare in Florida Pinellas County while others just get it easy such as school grant and Scholarships
@Cyn_Santana Its controllable now
@tariqnasheed Yes, Huge extremely fat like Lil dick video
@marcorubio I agree  I was so naive  believing all their lies and now I keep an eyes out for my better tomorrow, for my family and neighbors
@RepJayapal @BennieGThompson @RepZoeLofgren @RepAdams @repblumenauer @RepDonBeyer @RepBarragan @RepTedDeutch @RepLloydDoggett @keithellison @RepEliotEngel No more building a wall like China 
@JeffMerkley Lets US all put a stop  to this inhuman behavior and thinking  to all children  can have a better life like those that sacrifice their life for their children 
@RonWyden @realDonaldTrump Why did they passed the bill in the first place ? Let me guess they lied  to Trump and others
@amnestyusa You didnt say that when they were sending all these dark pigment Minoritys back home
@amnestyusa I really hope this is true because even when its in the paper  works they dont follow it
@supportKIND @SenJeffMerkley Why did they send all those Minoritys back home to send  nothing but racist people here in United State of America
@SenFeinstein That should be all childrens   across the board even the one that dont  look like you
@marcorubio Lets all be REAL here there were never a security issue but money  issue here and else where. 
@KamalaHarris I agree  I will stand with you as one whole nation across the world 
@richdollaz 
@HispanicCaucus Wait a minutes is this just for light skinned Hispanic???  Or all Minoritys ??? Im confused
@standwithraul That is completely unfair, we all need fighting chances as well Especially for the sacrifice our parents went through
@piccolhoe It should be for all dreamers across the board
@stefaniesalibaa I will stand with You
@TammyforIL Republicans was the one  fighting for the poor and now they are against the Poor Americans and Dreamers
@RepBarragan We must protect DACA and DReammer
@RepCuellar I am a supporter of Dreamer and DACA..
@NancyPelosi @realDonaldTrump I will stand with you !! 
@realDonaldTrump Black n white want peace . Too much sacrifice going on in the world today for simply money. Money is the root of all evil. It depends how you get it 
@AtwaterOSA No I didnt
@washingtonpost I dont trust putn
@HCSOSheriff I hope  its the same training across the boards 4 all Minoritys , and Caucasian. Cauc= white skin Asian. I am dark skin Asian 
@nanaaaox Bullshit and what other drugs did you have to take to induse the pain
@RWPUSA Smh  You could do better than yesterday it is not too late to change
@RWPUSA Oh well  ya ll voted for him
@DiamondandSilk Who is in office now?
@TomSteyer The Korea need to run for it  and all the allies unless we put a stop to it especially the for minorities allies. We can do better than yesterday
@IvankaTrump Im confused
@IvankaTrump @larry_kudlow That is corruption Ivanka?? No wonder you thought you were better or looked down upon me because you have money  like your father? U look  just like the stripper! Your Money is the Root of all your and families evil Deeds
@funder What ?
@ReyesParaiso @VH1PNUT___ 
@Scavino45 For a moment I thought  North Korea  was part of American flag . Im glade it still independent  I think 
@SheriffPinellas You aint rescued me when I needed help and assistance
@StateDept @POTUS Dont do it because your people will hate you if its not going to benefit all Minoritys and you know your history I think  Im your family 2 my ancestors
@StateDept @POTUS Did they  conquer  North Koreas? Korean
A phot opps (bad photo) not photo opportunity. They hade charged my phone by the Garbage can and I saw nutn but nip and tuck. I hat  ed that show!!
I dont know him he simply came in my shot while my pic taking being taken
@realDonaldTrump What are we still in indebt to the Chinese (China)? When we the Government make the money . Do we have many many many many many Pinocchios  in the government.. I believe in Honor, do you?
@realDonaldTrump Oh really did you work all these hours for $354 millions    for your building? How long did it take you to be a billionaire?
@realDonaldTrump Thank him for what Mr. president. What did you do?
@IvankaTrump Oh really. They also believe in Honor, Honorable something you lack from my understanding. 
Are we at war with the Korean?? Asian?? Why do the Korean and Asian still have dictatorship government??		https://t.co/ivnvvhBlex
@BarackObama How long do we have to continue to march? Will be marching on my life more than 400 years. Today March when they have a issue with us?
@BarackObama Hello Prior President of the United Stand or Should I say United State of America... but there was nothing but stress in that whiteHouse; everything you try to do they put  a block it wait like they doing with me right now at SPC college, employment and injustice system
@KamalaHarris Yes I greatly agree and build more business opportunities for woman; not only woman but Men of color is in great  need right now.. women of color has enough degree they need to go back to house  hold duty such as  cooking, garden, picking the kids from practice 
@richdollaz Hey Richey I will
@IvankaTrump @mic @KimKardashian This is really bullshiii she wouldnt have to jump up n down if she wasnt stalked to get arrested or better yet Set up like my beautiful wife
@IvankaTrump @mic @KimKardashian What in the reform and are we going be business owner soon after or are we going to spend the rest of our life in the one  job to be mistreated and misread n misrepresented
@IvankaTrump R u saying da world would hate me ??
@marcorubio 
@marcorubio In the beginning who were the people. Me or you?
@Robin90412181 @IvankaTrump @wef Who are you. Show your real self. Why are You hiding. Do you know me??
@IvankaTrump @wef Hello Ivanka, my name is Jessica. How do you do and how old are you?
@Kokomothegreat They need to look in the mirror and tell themselves that
@Jessiewoo_ Not me...
@tariqnasheed @people Without that Gun she would have got raped
@KamalaHarris 
@KamalaHarris Thank you. Will call in working hours
@drboycewatkins1 We have said but each move the republicans or VP block it
@tariqnasheed Why cant I see others comments
@nikkiwentling What about regular citizens??
@KimInman @WhiteHouse Smh 
@WhiteHouse @POTUS I love  the speech Mr. Trump. You forgot to say one  Nation under God.. its in the pledge of Allegiance that Ive cited since I was a little girl 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Get well soon Mrs. first Lady. Hope everything is well with you. 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS What have she done thus far?? It is almost 2yrs Mr. president. What have she done for the childrens of United we stand, the Elderly and of Course the teenagers. I have one myself as you know Mr. President 
@VP @WhiteHouse 
@VP @POTUS @FLOTUS @SecondLady I just announced that I am living Day by Day now.. are you Mr. VP??
@FLOTUS Mrs. First Lady where are you from? I was told you were born out of the United States  of American.. 
@FLOTUS @WhiteHouse What have you done  thus far since you been in the White House ?
@BELLENewYorkMag @KarenMcWhorter5 @realDonaldTrump I love it 
@realDonaldTrump Best Ex. South St. Petersburg and Clearwater where the poor citizen live. What are you doing for the poor citizen that just want to live And support their families like you. As you know majority might have a prior arrests.What are you doing for the Felons that gets out with nothi
@realDonaldTrump I do apologize but I find that hard to https://t.co/QVoBxkhspD my little corner where Ive lived I saw nothing but old business closing down and new one  being rebuilt.There has been a lot of complaints from lot of citizens especially small business https://t.co/OkpU9Sii5w Ex
@Damon_Moore I have to get this book 
@realDonaldTrump Its not about winning, its about have compassion for us all, the whole nation should stand together as a whole pie  or cookie  not a portion or quarter. 
@realDonaldTrump Why are they being treated unfairly?? Is it because we cause that from previous president that had taken the sits such as previous President Bush first and the second and many more. What in the treaty ?
@marcorubio Really Mr. Marco,dont return Evil to evil?? Im confused . In the Bible said an Eyes  4 an eyes and a Tooth 4 a tooth.    What happened to your ancestors?? Where you from?? Did you see how Mr. president acted toward the Purto Rican?? Bathroom 
@marcorubio So what going on Mr. Rubio?? The deal didnt go well?? With trump
@realDonaldTrump Your tactics of winning is different from them.. they believe in fairness and truth. You dont
@realDonaldTrump What are you doing for the poor citizen??  like my self every yr I paid tax and I dont nothing but big mansions party and big cars and plans while Im breaking my back to support my families
@realDonaldTrump Lil Red riding Hood was my favorite book !!
@realDonaldTrump I find that hard to believe
I simply live it https://t.co/17PvOR3T4z
Is this A photo opp?? I hope  not, u didnt offer to purchase me a bottle of water.. https://t.co/g6ew3oC3LM
I live I love  ku fu n the history https://t.co/9FDw8z28Oj
I may not have many zero zero zero zero zero behind my name at least I have a heart  Unlike most... I often wonder what did your great x3-7 did to get to where you at??? Back in history Animals had more rights than human (Minority).. yes the truth hurt .Tell me da truth https://t.co/gtHPKN03yZ
@alt_labor @Acosta Such as??
@Ralph06216339 @Fuzzy_Fuzzbutt @Acosta She could have won if everyone didnt think  she was going to prison
@camacho_resists @of_cjw @DesiAzimi @GabbyGreta @Shari2112 @realDonaldTrump Amen
@Shari2112 @of_cjw @GabbyGreta @realDonaldTrump How great??
@GabbyGreta @realDonaldTrump I believe it. Republicans sitting on money  while Democrats just have Pennies and nickels
@The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump I will ask Siri should I say Cyrus.. half the time she/he doesnt know
@The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump If you give our own country without any Americans or British intervention ( meddling) with free trades imports and exports. With no issues from others I think  we be like the Truth Chinese. I know my history just like you  How did you win this election ?
Yes we all are good in math just like the Chinese.. should I say all asian even they one that dont look  Asia like myself https://t.co/or6zXHMg3j
When the Machine take our lively hood how are we going to support our family??? Or ourself? Let me guess you are going to have us Minority and poor white in the street to fein for ourselves weather is selling drugs, committed murder, setting people up for officers. https://t.co/sUqciJJQVL
Who are they fighting Mr. President and for what?? https://t.co/kGgbp0zYQi
I know know the difference... What I was naive of I now understand!! https://t.co/CVe5tvZOrP
My questions is are they really saving our life such as the poor whites and minority as you know already I used to work in a hospital.. I saw things I wasnt supposed to?? What is Organ harvest Nr. President?? What color are your eyes Mr. president?? What your great x10 was Bk? https://t.co/EXnMPTIkcj
They say we are all lazy when In reality who owned corporate America?? From understanding Mr. President where did you get 546 millions to build your maga apartment?? At what risk??? Where is your great x5 parents was born?? What county was your wife was born?? Or her great parent https://t.co/ibrT0G2xV6
@The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump Far from it... since I was a Lil girl my family taught me how to read, as I became a teenager I was taught great education in NY not FL at least I thought  when I read the history of the United States  of American.. = United we stand but are we all united Mr. president??
@The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump Really?? What country
Legalize it like alcohol  Voted #MakeWeedLegal on @TheTylt because its high time America legalize marijuana https://t.co/yzef5T6fB3 https://t.co/nHdgCqDCXo
@tariqnasheed I used to love  hooters cause of my Cou. Its been a while my negus.. Its good to hear  u finally made it 
@Schofe https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@clbleakley @lorraine @Karen_Millen @HelenHandMakeUp https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@ACLU https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@NancyPelosi https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@TGowdySC https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@SpeakerRyan https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@marcorubio https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@marcorubio @pkzorlando https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@StateDept @SecPompeo @State_IRF @USUN @POTUS https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@marcorubio @TKAWPB https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@TeriHentschel @PascoSheriff https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@NWSTampaBay @SheriffCitrus https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@SheriffPinellas https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@KamalaHarris https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@KamalaHarris https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@chrislhayes https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@KamalaHarris I salute you 
@KamalaHarris @staceyabrams https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@NCHetherington @KoinoniaFarm https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@cnnbrk https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@FaithandFreedom @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@WhiteHouse https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@Datsdat1Haitian https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@Diane_7A https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@ParisHilton https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@WORLDSTAR https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a https://t.co/q06Zu7qKDn
@realDonaldTrump @KimKardashian https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@HerschelWalker @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @IvankaTrump @POTUS @MistyMayTreanor @MarianoRivera https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse @HHSGov @MistyMayTreanor @HerschelWalker @MarianoRivera @FitnessGov https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@dougmillsnyt @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@AP_Politics @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@SecPompeo @realDonaldTrump @POTUS https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @USCG https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
https://t.co/QJCkOevb9a
@SenSchumer Now we all know that is ridiculous $30 million on 1 investigation what about the others? No I know where my tax money going to pay taxes every day. You know that!!
@CrazyClarine Well it got 2 get clean
@tariqnasheed I sorry to hear what happened?? It doesnt feel good, does it? 
@realDonaldTrump 
@realDonaldTrump Who is Samatha bee ?? 
@realDonaldTrump What about The others that were treating badly by government like myself??
@realDonaldTrump Why would she clear Hillary and frame the great  president?
https://t.co/vUqDhWkPzI
I am an American like you  https://t.co/ylZwxwt2S2
I am my own photographer sometimes when I went out of zero $$.. what  do you think ? https://t.co/2TImS8Algx
I may not have many zero 0000000 behind my name, I do know one  thing knowledge is richer than zero behind my nAme Mr. VP https://t.co/4lzPpPKccy
God bless America.. Home  of the sweet brave soldiers like myself https://t.co/qc8GARjJUC
@KendallJenner @charitywater Interesting 
@khloekardashian Hey Khloe
@KimKardashian Who is Alice Marie?? 
@realDonaldTrump @KimKardashian Im surprised .. Kim K what do you know about prisons reform and sentencing.. what you read the statistics on the minority that get arrested vs others?? What are your thoughts about that?? What the difference between private and community prisons?
@KamalaHarris EIE.. Enough is Enough. No more hiding behind mental health issues for some and dont even consider for others.. let us all be fair here
@tariqnasheed I just called. Busy tone
@KamalaHarris I agree 
@realDonaldTrump Would you have answers??
@realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. president. Can you please tell me what do you?? Ive going to this institution since 2014 and I just realized what it is today.. what is that Mr. president?? https://t.co/S9S5WPgSHg
@realDonaldTrump No more division. As you already know we are one  thats what I always heard since I was a little girl. With liberty and justice for all which mean all of citizens that pay taxes
@realDonaldTrump Democrat, Republican and all the parties should disagree about Building the  Great Wall . Why do we have to build a wall? Is it going to be like the great wall of China? Why did China built the great wall? Are they sane family tree? Divide and conquer is in effect right now. 
@realDonaldTrump Ok  Mr. president I do respect  all authority #Johnson# I really hope they Vito that bill! 
@hawkie146 @KamalaHarris I dont think  FB was made for our generation or Millennium generation for law making practice. I had FB since 2009 not once Ive I voted  from the information they on my newsfeed unless it was for certain users or specifically direct certain areas or portion of people
@KamalaHarris There has to be a restriction for all social media for collecting all data.. its actually working against Us. Own enemies know our location also not just buyers and allies
@XXL Can you please explain to me what is that round circle  on my window m?? I just noticed it!! https://t.co/715CjgNEAT
@KamalaHarris Hello  can you please explain to me what is the round circle  on my window?? I just noticed it!! https://t.co/p0NJtNpAJF
@richdollaz Hey Rich. Can u explain to me what is the round circle  in my window? I just noticed it! https://t.co/8OaaVs35LG
@MattWalshBlog Can you please explain to me what is that round circle  on my window??? I just noticed it! https://t.co/b52z3K6Uso
@VSPC Can you please explain to me what is that round circle  on my window?? I just noticed it it!! https://t.co/Bq2JnwMT33
@BET Can you please explain to me what is that round circle  on my Window?? I just noticed it!! https://t.co/2QaNW8CfD6
@nathanfletcher @jaketapper @MarkHertling @HeadstrongProj @wwp Can you please explain to me what is that round circle  on my window??? I just noticed it! https://t.co/zsXOHHFiyw
@LouisVuitton @TWNGhesquiere Can you please explain to me what is that round circle  on my window?? I just noticed it it! https://t.co/CfJ1Kylwji
@CNN Can you please explain to me what is that in my window that round circle . I just noticed it https://t.co/kAq2wBKxuX
@SenatorTimScott @wyffnews4 Can you please explain to me what is the round circle  on my window?? I just noticed it. There will be no accidental death  https://t.co/LsOoly9Gom
@ScottHech @Lawrence Hello  can you please explain to me what is that round circle on my window.. I just noticed it!! https://t.co/NUXZmUAv4D
@justcatchmedemi @demilovatoking Can you please explain to me what is that on my window?? That round circle  I just noticed it https://t.co/hkJA2LI6cf
@jaketapper @rossmanmckinney Can you please explain to me what is that on my window?? I just noticed it https://t.co/AV50Yyliy1
@BretBaier @Capitals Can you please explain to me what is the round circle  on@my window.. I just noticed it! https://t.co/6zxSnqGXU4
@tylerperry Mr. perry can you please explain to me what is the round circle  on my window?? I just noticed it! https://t.co/JpauyEfANB
@DonaldJTrumpJr Mr.. president can you please explain to me what is the round circle  on my window??? https://t.co/nL72ETNKiH
@Jessiewoo_ Can you plz explain to me what is the round circle on my window https://t.co/ma1YweSI2K
@FoxNews @kayleighmcenany @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump Can someone please explain to me is that round circle  on my window??? I just noticed it https://t.co/uzbpAcX4vB
What the hell is that??? I just noticed it just now.. what is going here???? Mr... President https://t.co/TvPB8hGuZR
@Jessiewoo_ lol  they aint from Hispaniola they from Louisiana. I asked them back in the day did they actually from U where u from or do they killed you by the color of your skin
@WhiteHouse @VP Did he visit World  trade center.. I wanted to but I didnt have a chance to pay my visit 
@VP God blessed Our fallen Hero??
@VP @POTUS We will never forget our Hero that fought for this country for all.. including my families
@Jessiewoo_  I had I had a lemonade and my cup and cookies
@SenSchumer How do you know that there are no spy  in the last election . Was there a spy when the foreigners (Indian $ ) got chicken  pot or did they just Take it??
@BabyAriel 1:42pm
@richdollaz 
@KamalaHarris Ye
@jodako5 @realDonaldTrump What are you doing in the VA? What are you doing for the veterans that are homeless, jobless, hopeless? And also mental disorder because of PTSD? Are they a guinea pig now? Are they allowed to get certain medication or they just the number?
@sunnyhillgirl @Kokomothegreat @realDonaldTrump @PositiveCow There are not allowed to take Our first amendment away or a second its in the constitution because of Thomas Jefferson? Not sure
@EdPiersonIV @Kokomothegreat @realDonaldTrump Shiii in da head
@Kokomothegreat @realDonaldTrump Mr. President do you still have the apprentice going on I would like to join it now. Ive graduated from Indian now I can be achieved chief 
@Kokomothegreat @realDonaldTrump Thats not separate the church and the parents. do you know how Trumatic that would be?
@Kokomothegreat @realDonaldTrump I agree
@JTMYVA @realDonaldTrump Did anybody else think  that Hillary would be in prison? A lot of people didnt vote for Hillary because of that!!! I thought So  because of my Ex Roommate  Weston !!
@realDonaldTrump RIP my true soldiers that sacrifice their life to protect you not instead of America
@KamalaHarris They only putting certain important information out for themselves not all tax paying citizen. Ex banking, institution, Healthcare, and employment It is extremely difficult for minority to uptain and keep J O B because of the officers from the Higher Up for privatePrison
@KamalaHarris Enough is Enough. Whats the reason they only have Drug on War for (Minoritys) certain drugs not all drugs such as  crack cocaine, Heroin, Methanphetamine , bath  salt, cocaine, amphetamines, methadone, benzodiazepines, Ecstasy and Mary jay.. that is the Top 10 drugs inUSA
@realDonaldTrump Ive been going to church  since I was a new born. I believe in the higher power like you Mr. president. Can you tell me how many you sacrificed to get to where you at?? Who the witch?? As you already know my daily schedule !!
Are they really out to rescue Us when they purposely let us. Dies for Organs such as liver, kidney, lung, heart, skin, fetus Its extremely worse in Tampa Bay FL. Mr. president what are you doing to stop  this Epidemic https://t.co/EYsDWwq9pr
@KamalaHarris Yes. Its worse in FL for kid trafficking, sex slave and free labor
@tariqnasheed @YouTube Yes it is, then look  at our current president no respect  for minority or womens
@tedlieu @FLOTUS I agree  Ted
@drboycewatkins1 Are their going to be new standards for the whole police   department or just a portion of them. If their is it should start from the Top because its the Top the creates policy,regulation and rules to follow. If the Top dont follow then the bottom wont. Lead by Ex
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump Our previous president would never do something like that because he knows and understand how difficult it would be on the child  and parents. We must keep the family together instead of separating them. After we all pay state and federal taxes. 
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump This is just another form of slavery. Removing children from their parents. We all know they are minority children that are taken away from their parents. How do I know?? HISTORY told me because I love to read.. 
@TheBlackChannel Me 2. Honesty is my best policy
@richdollaz 
@tariqnasheed He must have money   or know people that does. Or it Could just be White is always right and Black is always wrongs,
@KamalaHarris Imagine if she was from a different country, how would she feels if it was her children  or a family member they are calling ICE on. United States  is multicultural country not just 1.. we came to the states for a better life for us, children and families.
@KamalaHarris Yes we are better than that. These  kids are children of taxes paying citizens. I think  every one that paid state n federal taxes should be considered as citizens of the states if they are residents of the state.. why should we continue to take their money If they not ?
@AddictedLives @JohnMorganESQ Who created synthetic marijuana? What was the reason for the synthetic marijuana? What is the cause and affect off synthetic marijuana? Has it been FDA approved?  What was the case study?
@marilyn_rn01 @JohnMorganESQ Speaking about pain management, they shut down so many offices to control the In and Out and  the amount.,
@JohnMorganESQ What are you telling me here?? Is it federally legalized?? As you know its a different law in each states when it shouldnt. There should be certain law that are federally passed such as Gun law to protect myself.. as you know we cant get away  with it with the new tech
@XXL @NICKIMINAJ @Eminem That will be surprising. Is it for promo?? Nicki . Eminem 
@jadeinwondrland @ForeverAshhhh I b like that something
@KamalaHarris I love  your mothers statement
@NancyPelosi @realDonaldTrump What the deal about?? How much money ? Who going to be affected??
@tariqnasheed Correct. They used different words that means the same thing to confused  me
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President I read your post but I have questions	A. Why is the killing extremely high in. Chicago? B. What is the Job  rate in Chicago for minority? C. What are these officers  doing to the citizens that pays taxes every day? D. Who are they 
@realDonaldTrump How much Incom have you lose since you enter the White House ?? $1 Million dollars  is change to you but others would think  they rich? do you think they  rich compared to The great  President Trump ?
@SenFeinstein How can we put an End to gun violent?? Where there any security camera ? Where were the security guards? How did the intruder enter the institution? Was the intruder a Gun owner and license to carry to concealed?? 
@KamalaHarris Everyone that pay state and federal tax should be considered as a citizens of the United States after all we are paying taxes. Where is the money going?
@Jessiewoo_ What cover?
@KamalaHarris Yes I agree  Mrs. senator Harris. The people at the bottom worked the hardest while the Top just rest in their office planing on their next vacation or mansions
@realDonaldTrump We need or amen new regulations in the judicial system . What do you think Mr. President?? After all  I had the same dream when you were 10 yrs old.. is a Set up legal or illegal? Because I am not sure of those 2..
@tariqnasheed We need new regulations for the judicial system 
@ParisHilton I  you used 2 watch your show with your best friend. I liked it, ut was funny  It Hot 
@Jessiewoo_ Lol 
@drboycewatkins1 What happened to the womens that Accused Mr. President Trump of miss miss behavior??
@ForeverAshhhh We do cus it matters
@realDonaldTrump As you already know they were many unsuccessful attempts
@realDonaldTrump As a young American Citizens I am asking you to protect me from your supporters , you know who they are. I  am not ready to lose my life or my son  or any of my family member. As you already know my ancestors and family are still fighting for this great  country as I speak toda
@realDonaldTrump Really?? What about the spy  you send out for your campaign? What happened to them? Just questions plz dont get upset  with my sweet self 
@SenFeinstein Lets treat each other like you would treat a family member with a good heart..,  lets promote love  to all not just a portion or side or location
@BabyAriel Hispaniola
@Haitian_Pootch Lol
@tariqnasheed I can dance  better than that Tariq. I will send you a performance video s yo show you my multiple talents from above.  Believe it or not I am very talented 
@tariqnasheed I had to the force in me out? Or it will be . We all know if it was them they quick to Dial 911 or 9/11 to arrest you if it was one of me they looked the other way to let us continue to murder ourself such as father, mother, bro, sis, uncle, aunt and friends
@tariqnasheed I agree . Who is trump great x5 grand parents. How did he become who he is?? A man of his stature I bet it was wasnt easy, I bet it was nothing but lies to get to where at Today. How many sacrifice?
@drboycewatkins1 Can I please see more people that  looks like me in the music  n movies industry without putting us in a box , without performing in their birthday day suite. What do you think  your daughter or son watch or listen  when you not there? Let say family member
@drboycewatkins1 What are we supposed to listen to? They are purposely putting this type of music Out for us to listen  to, can we please have Better Music  can you please have better contracts for those in the music and movie  industry...
@KamalaHarris Yes we can have both. Why do we have to choose?
@realDonaldTrump Really? All the corruption start from the top walk its way down to the bottom.. The Top has the power Mr. Trump and you know it..
@tariqnasheed Lmao   I cant deal
@tariqnasheed What is your opinion? I think  race has a big impact to how successful you can be
@BiglyPrez @VP @POTUS @MikeCrapo @RepHensarling We will see
@VP @POTUS @MikeCrapo @RepHensarling I will have to read the regulations to see if there are any difference
@carlalynn62 @wjackalope @realDonaldTrump True. I live by my Second Amendment
@robadeverell @realDonaldTrump Why should they get rid of Abortion? What is the rate of a abortion for certain group or class?? Are you a woman!? Have you lived in a womans body?
@SuePaine1 @realDonaldTrump I agree
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse I love  New York da North  take me with you, I will be your secretary  Mr. President!
@realDonaldTrump Look  at my documents. The same thing you refused to show me (US)
@realDonaldTrump No amount of money was paid. The person is just tired of the mistreatment and its coming down to the seeds. Just want a fair chance  to live like a regular human being 
@tariqnasheed @ODawgWBKS1 An anthem??? I wonder why they take knees
@tariqnasheed 
@SenateDems @SenSchumer You do know LGBT  right is different then Civil right for Minority s. Its not the same thang just like apple  and an Orange . They both a fruit (common) not the same fruit 
@Jessiewoo_  Haiti  Dominican Republic 
@Jessiewoo_ 2 fine
@realDonaldTrump I like Nancy P
@realDonaldTrump 
@Essence @michaelb4jordan That Hot
@VP @POTUS @CIA 
@GOP @realDonaldTrump Can President Trump gave me a donation O. am in dire need
@tariqnasheed I believe it
@tariqnasheed What is black twitter? As you know Im new to this 
@Cyn_Santana @_stylishlee 
@tariqnasheed Deep down she wanna be black
@SpeakerRyan What the wages?? What the Qualification to get these jobs? Do I need a high school diploma, college degree, or just a certificate
@tariqnasheed Yes they are. They need an excuse to why they died for organs
@ConanOBrien Oh yeah
@realDonaldTrump We need to stand with everyone that Sacrificed a (their) life for this country. All services from the Bottom to the Top
@richdollaz That is true. Album n stream is 2 different thangs
I dont understand what is going with the Ridgecrest Elementary?? Why are they childrens  (sitting on the ground) waiting for the door to be open at 8:15 am. What is going on here when I have to make it to class or work as well. Pinellas county
@Jessiewoo_ Lol  l
@KamalaHarris About time. I really hope there is diversity in every apartments or should I say the housing market, not just a section for minoritys 
@richdollaz Now dont b too funny  I
@richdollaz Yeah book  my flight plz
@Jessiewoo_ You know that higher up like to see Us fights reminds them of their power that they still have 
@FLGovScott Congratulations  Rick Scott. Please do not forget about the minority that are over there  Jerusalem and here . 1 .. what are your plans on police  brutalities ? What types of training do you have Implemented??
@tariqnasheed Idk  understand
@KamalaHarris That is so true. private prisons is the roots of all evils. In order for them to continue their businesses they have to keep their bed  full if not their is no profit or Incom. Why are there so many private prison with Majority of minority ???
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FoxBusiness Im watching. Your beautiful daughter just spoke..
@tariqnasheed That is ridiculous
Congratulations to the U S officials to have finally puts their plans in actions .. Opening Jerusalem Embassys.. my questions is 1.. how many other ethics group will be entering?? 2.. What about the baned to European countries union 3.. what about 70_ 300000
@SpeakerRyan 
@rickygervais  idk
@JCubez @Zamo_Njomz My condolences
@ReignOfApril Tell me about it
@Barry_D_Neal @TheBlackChannel That is true. When you backed up in the corner what are you supposed to do
@iAmKingducer Lol 
@TheTumblrPosts No bar right??
@MasinElije @x_CaramelCoated Whats the true story? Sacrifice one  for another but you dont. You stay eating fat fat
@TheBlackChannel We all need to continue to do the best we can.. one day it will change I think. Could be millions from now
@MuslimIQ How are we going to slove the problem if we dont know  the problem itself?? How did you go from elementary to college? ?? 
@VieMarie_ @CleoSelene_ll @DomuhhneeQ @D0MXNXQUE No hes has a right to HOLD Her tight till she comes down. Do you like to get smacked? I know so like it Rough
@GreyinBtwn7 @Jessiewoo_ That what happened when you take care fitness of yourself
@GiveItUp4_Ty @1similac Well you know its a Ass n pushy eorld now
@Jessiewoo_ I did both Lil ducky is blab
@Jessiewoo_ That is true. You know its trues...but as we all know its like a child wanting milk  from their mother who refuses to give it to them just because
@ParisHilton 
@Jessiewoo_ I know shh
@MTV @KrisJenner Lol  I be trying shii. Upper body strength and whole body workout
@DonArtistry @1similac 
@D0MXNXQUE I have to 2 questions# 1. Was he under the influence?	2. What were the provocation? 
@CoryBooker I do agree but as you know actions speak louder than anything! 
@Jessiewoo_ They never want to hear  the truth just ducking lies
@Jessiewoo_ Why my zigzag black. Ig
@FoxNews @POTUS @BarackObama Why you didnt pay  for hostages? Isnt Obama a strong  handsome black Men of course he had to pay . Some pay with their death  life
@TitusONeilWWE @TBLightning 
@tariqnasheed I completely agree!
@MsEricaDixon I will I tend to forget at time 
@Jessiewoo_ Tell me about it. Its a mans world . Then women.	, black womem then black men its so backward. Smh
@ConanOBrien 
@Molly3186 Nice
@wizkhalifa It hard to do when you around fakes
@comewhenicall Wow I love 
@comewhenicall I love  it
@comewhenicall I like it its different I think 
@comewhenicall Hey wiz tell my sister Inlaw Perrier thanks  for  looking out. Love  Sis 
@comewhenicall I missed Fashion  police
@comewhenicall Nice
@comewhenicall Very nice
@comewhenicall Loving da dress
@comewhenicall Handsome young
@comewhenicall Wow  gracious
@comewhenicall LHey y#the
@comewhenicall Gracious 
@comewhenicall They are so far apart 
@richdollaz @CityTechNews Congratulations  Moms
@MichaelAvenatti @seanhannity Shii I was wondering the same thing 
RT @MichaelAvenatti: Hey @seanhannity - what happened??? I thought you said you not going to have anyone on to discuss our case? I keep ask
@JackPosobiec @realDonaldTrump Is that a turkey  neck
@drboycewatkins1 How are they millions?
@iamrodai Wow 
@tariqnasheed You right Tariq
@SenBillNelson I dont understand 60 000  Haitian are being send back to Hispaniola??? Are the Dominican going back as well?? Why is that?? I am not able to make it for the session due to my injuries..
@JUSTlNW Beautiful melody. I didnt know you have a daughter
@SenFeinstein As a child  when I didnt agree with my Mom she sometimes makes me pay for it. They are paying for not agreeing with the president
@Miss_Patriciah Wait one f minutes
@SenFeinstein The others are relying on trust and truth for their country
@SenSchumer Congratulations baby 
@CrystalChoice Hello
I love  Eagle  eagles  of da United States  of American. I pledge allegiance to the flag to do a nice thing of America to the republic for which it stands one nation (1 Team) under God indivisible with liberty and justice for a citizen of the United States https://t.co/Ik63pAwbqq
@FLGovScott I dont know  if you know. I used to live in Orlando  I couldnt find any job that were for minoritys. I went 3 mts looking for work they wouldnt hire us. Why is that??
@FLGovScott Has anybody has been talking about police  brutality??? I am scared  for my life and my Son, Rick Scott. My son is almost a teen and I not ready to lose him or myself anytime soon.. there have got to put a stop  to all these killings to minoritys..
@MikeMorganESQ @JohnMorganESQ I do agree. 
@MikeMorganESQ @JohnMorganESQ Has anybody talking about POLICE  BRUTALITY??? I need to know because my Son is getting older now. He is almost a teen.. the police  get at them young..#NotmySonOrMe#
@JohnMorganESQ Did you realize those that have their Gun license are not allowed to have their medical card??? I thought alcohol  n how dangerous it is for some and the death  rate as well. They have their Gun license and able to carry while drinking alcohol . Wat the difference
As Long As I know Who I am.. every day I am learning something new n positive  https://t.co/4UdHL88fIJ
Lil black dress  https://t.co/is3kITn6tZ
@Cyn_Santana 
@realDonaldTrump The court does not give true Justice/ just blind justice
@marcorubio Only if you really Follow that EXACT quote 
I have to continue to believe in my abilities and not take things to serious#FunGurl#	#Collegegurk# https://t.co/K8zA7KUxle
Bunny  ear  https://t.co/YmAyJRQVhx
@Jessiewoo_  Haiti / Dominican Republic 
Bunny Hop High Hope ! https://t.co/fPBgjqE2Vt
@Jessiewoo_ I think  its time for her to sit down n take care of self n 
@SenFeinstein We must find the truth! Justice
@Molly3186 I like it
@SenSchumer Let it be an open truth to everyone. We as American deserve to know what happened?
@Jessiewoo_ Yes we are still struggling but doesnt anybody know how much the Haiti  own for their independent??
@realDonaldTrump I want fair justice!!
@KamalaHarris Yes! They need to raise the minimum wage so families can support themselves without relying on Government aids which come with stipulation
@richdollaz 
@PopCraveNet One  day I will open for you
@rkelly Let me a demo like liyah
@ciara Love you  C
@CNN An attack to any American is an attack to us All.. evenings including our own
Like dripping water  https://t.co/YwYrJCcwzn
Beautiful as a delicate flowers  https://t.co/MNC1kM59Bb
Beautiful as a delicate flower  https://t.co/754kQfVIOw
@Jessiewoo_ Yes
As beautiful as I am I sometimes have to remind myself to continue to protect, love and take of self!! https://t.co/rsXzgKXL9d
@realDonaldTrump Where is the REAL report??	What happened in the dark comes to light 
@Cyn_Santana Rice  beans bake chicken n vegies
Together we can rebuild American America again. After. All Presidents Trump you all the great  https://t.co/qZOw7jIqui
Beautiful night it is https://t.co/51Rvpiazl9
@Cyn_Santana Ciroc
@SpeakerRyan Really
As you can see Im all smile https://t.co/BKuTOVRpJs
@Molly3186 Animal do have a soul 
RT @ReignOfApril: Im bringing this back because it may be my favorite video #OnHere of all time. https://t.co/gw6gS1miSa
@Jessiewoo_ This Shiit has got to STOP . It time for these man to stArt protecting these ladies, and profess
@Shawnrgreen74 @ConnieC35528618 @KamalaHarris Yes let start from the bottom to the top. Elementary, Jr high, H.s n college @Shawnrgreen74
@LadybugLaff @KamalaHarris What is Trump thinking . Loan forgiveness would help a lot of working students which will benefits their familys . Followed my the new legislation for free public colleges . Can you imagine how much knowledge, skills would the American gains and creating new job@NancyPelosi
@KamalaHarris Yes congress should do something or al least meet at the middle to help poor people with their education so they can be more self sufficient. Education should be for every everyone not just the rich@KamalaHarris
@SpeakerRyan Why is that??
@crownyoqueennn Lol
@TanakaMashanda Am I not serious about what exactly??
In life there will always be ups N Down its up to you to decide if you will continue to get up or stay down https://t.co/0622PTTH1j
@milashe2 @taythenomad You are not serious right!!
Sometime the people that comes into my life are not for. That can be anybody including family.  one of my favorite movie  is the Lion  King . I love  the plot N the leason that you can learned. 
@Jessiewoo_ Have you listen to freaky Friday by Chris brown and Lil dicky.. there was so many N words I couldnt believe it.. when people listen  to song that has the N word its gonna make them think  its acceptable to call us N.. Idk just my thoughts. WhT do you think!!
@MikeAdamOnAir @OnikaSnatch @NICKIMINAJ Congratulations 
@1andonlyOlivia I will
@duke_dg Not all
@SenFeinstein Vote  Note
@Jessiewoo_ Funny video#myname#
@Haitian_Pootch That means
@Jessiewoo_ True
@aliii_36_ @bychvna Lol
@_therealmarlee Great job. Keep up the good work
@TeaSimone @ForeverAshhhh Fr
@ThatDimplesJawn Fr
Amen https://t.co/aYIH9rasck
In Life I have to learn to cherish the people that are absent  in my Life. because of that I can continue work (advance) on myself better https://t.co/EjhGllYgGJ
@JheneAiko Happy birthday  love. Enjoy your 30th
@musicnewsfact @OnikaSnatch @NICKIMINAJ Hello  Nicki
@Jessiewoo_ True 
@tedlieu @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Hidden intentions
@Haitian_Pootch Do you speak broken English?
@lauraprucyk @GeeBratt @realDonaldTrump 
Pic was taking in Bk New York
It funny how you change a situation. Miscommunication lead to complications. Tarnish my names in your conversation.. Why do your words turn so cold?is it because I aint following your instructions. Trying to hold to something you cant condition. Wisdom is better tha https://t.co/PArfCUcKnI
@TeaPainUSA Idk, it depends what the people wants??
@x_CaramelCoated For real??