Donald Trump has nothing.		The evidence against Donald Trump breaking the law is greater than the evidence we had against Nixon who resigned. Yet Donald Trump is still our president and looking to campaign again. 		Disgusting.
And Republicans are saying Cohen was wrongly accusing Donald Trump of being a liar claiming Cohen himself was the liar despite Cohens  proof.		We do not have to trust Michael Cohen to know he is telling the truth. His truth has a money trail. His truth has legal documentation.
And I say this with the context that Michael Cohen has legal documentation and money trails proving Donald Trump to have committed a crime 		… whereas Donald Trump has 8718 statements proven to be lies in the eyes of congress.
8718 is the official amount of lies Donald Trump has told as defined by congress and republicans are claiming Michael Cohen’s credibility is questionable over Donald Trump’s….
The checks given to Michael Cohen claim they were for “Legal Advice” but were actually hush money.		This opens up an entirely new case where Donald Trump jr. is part a criminal financial scheme with his father.
The irrefutable proof Michael Cohen has of Donald Trump reimbursing him for the hush money he paid to Clifford’s Attorney has come to display that Donald Trump has been cooking his books.
Kavanaugh: I lied openly to congress	Republicans: lets make this man a member of the supreme court	Cohen: I lied to defend donald trump and I am now regretting that decision and have decided to come clean	Republicans: WE WOULD NEVER TRUST SOMEONE WHO LIED TO CONGRESS EVER
@mmpadellan Kavanaugh lied to congress and republicans let him be on the supreme court.
RT @mmpadellan: If Rep. Mark Meadows, and the rest of The GOP, were as outraged about false information about foreign entities submitted to…
donald trump: i could walk down 5th ave. and shoot someone and get away with it	republicans: hmm.. this seems like a man I should be defending.
All these questions about Cohen's credibility and all this blatant omittance of donald trumps lack thereof.
The republicans repeatedly waste congress’s time with frivolous questions AND THEN HAVE THE AUDACITY to ask why we’re wasting congress’s time with this case.	The case would be over by now if they would STICK TO IT. however if they stuck to the case trump would be convicted by now
michael cohen: heres irrefutable proof trump has committed a crime	republicans: uhm ... why are we wasting our time with this can't we just do something productive	everyone: republicans please tell me when you last did something productive for the public	republicans: *crickets*
after FOUR HOURS of the Michael Cohen court case they are finally asking questions regarding the REASON he is there instead of frivolous questions designed to derail his character and credibility.
They have nothing, so they keep trying to distract from the point.
The funds used to finance this court case against Cohen, against Trump, are not pulled from the same pool used to improve infrastructure. 		It would change NOTHING for the infrastructure if there was a court case or if there wasn’t one.
Amazing, the republicans have stated 		“we could use this money on our nations crumbling infrastructure but democrats instead make us question you”		As if Donald Trump isn’t wasting infrastructure money on the wall,		FURTHERMORE, as if these aren’t completely separate funds.
the republicans admitting they have never heard of cohen before these cases is proof of their own incompetence and their inadequacy in their ability to deal with this case in the first place.
republicans: oh cohen, you just wanted to get on TV HUH		Michael Cohen: I was the person who started Donald Trump's Campaign, I have been on television since 2012		republicans: uHH.. uh fuck .. fuck uH I HAVENT HEARD OF YOU		everyone: that does not change the fact.
The democrats draw attention to legal documentation and ask questions about the case at hand, waiting for Cohen’s actual response.
there is a stark difference in questioning between the republicans and the democrats in the Cohen case 		The republicans do not wait for an answer, they repeatedly state things about Cohens character without ever placing a legitimate question, never giving Cohen time to speak.
If Cohen is found to be lying about any of the things he’s saying right now he will face longer times in jail. the republicans REFUSE to reveal this information because it PROVES Cohen has 0 incentive to lie right now.
The Republicans cannot prove Michael Cohen is receiving funds for his testimony and it frustrates them, because they know they have lost.
The democrats have even states “The republicans are upset because you have stopped lying to congress”		Which is evident, as they keep trying to find some kind of way to prove Michael Cohen is making money off of his testimony when they have no proof of this.
Michael Cohen has repeatedly stated he has no book deal coming in the future. 		The only proof of lies we have are of Michael Cohen defending Donald Trump. It then follows that Michael Cohen must come clean because it has been proven he was defending Trump.
I’ve been asked why they keep hounding Michael Cohen about the book deal and strictly speaking it’s because they want to convince congress that Michael Cohen is only saying these things to make money in the future off of talking about his actions with Donald Trump.
chairmen: are there any other illegal acts donald trump did that you haven't discussed	michael cohen [paraphrased]: yeah but i'm not allowed to talk about it because there are other court cases against donald trumps illegal actions as he obviously does many illegal things.
Micahel Cohen's disbarment has nothing to do with the fact that Donald Trump paid hush money and we have proof that Donald Trump paid hush money. The republicans are making repeated spectacle to avoid the inevitable truth that Donald Trump lied and we have proof.
democrat: if we say one lie makes a witness entirely void, every single organized crime case would never be able to go to court because we need criminals to come clean about their actions to prove actions took place.		republicans: well here's another emotional argument.
michael cohen: not one single question has been asked about mr. trump which is why i am here, all of the questions are regarding my past, which is not why i am here today.
michael cohen: donald trump has told over 9000 lies why aren't you talking about that	republicans: *flabbergasted*
@Typhonatemybaby YES
chairmen: did you ever see donald trump threaten to physically hurt someone		Michael Cohen: no he would pay others to.		me: 😬
The republicans do not have legal documentation proving Cohen is lying .. The republicans only have emotional arguments they can make.
We do not have to believe Michael Cohen’s words, because we have LEGAL DOCUMENTATION that his words are truth.		The republicans keep trying to make us disbelieve in his character, we don’t need to believe in his character. We have proof outside of his voice.
The republicans show repeatedly they care far more about money than about the truth, which is why they keep trying to prove Cohen is somehow being paid despite us only having proof he was paid TO LIE.
THE ENTIRE REASON COHEN LIED IN THE FIRST PLACE WAS BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP PAID HIM TO.
it’s the definition of projection being that donald trump is the one who pays people to lie for him, which we have proof of.
the republicans refuse to acknowledge the legal documentation that verifies what cohen says and instead try to invent some secret plan where the democrats guide cohen as a witness and are secretly paying him off with NO PROOF OF THIS
michael cohens case consists of repeated documentation to prove everything he has been saying
the republicans are trying to imply michael cohen is a witness concocted by the democrats despite not having any proof. and they keep asking repeatedly to try and prove donald trumps actions are the fault of the democrats.
LMAO the judge is tired of republicans shit:		judge: You are out of questioning time. Cohen you may answer the question		cohen: I don't understand what you're referring to		republican questioner: *opens mouth*		judge: Alright next questioner
donald trump: *lies constantly*		michael cohen: i lied to protect donald trump because donald trump encourages everyone to lie for him. i am now coming clean because donald trump no longer pays me.		republicans: uhm.. we're going to ignore the trump thing and just repeat u lied
michael cohen: i lied to congress to protect donald trump while he was still paying me money.		republicans: uhm, this man lied to congress, we aren't going to say what he lied about or to who but uhm should we really trust this dude ...
The republicans in this case do not care about the truth, and they do not care about Michael Cohen’s lies, what they care about is the fact that he’s told the truth AFTER THE FACT.
Michael Cohen has no income, has no book deals, has NOTHING to give him incentive to continue being in court.		All he is doing is making himself look bad to the public to clear up his previous lie.
Michael Cohen lied to PROTECT Donald Trump when he was still under the financial coverage of Donald Trump.		the republicans repeatedly keep trying to prove Michael Cohen has some financial incentive to lie currently, but cannot prove this to be the case.
The republicans keep stating that Michael Cohen has lied to congress, but refuse to say WHY and for WHO he lied to congress		https://t.co/ggnfx2KBXQ
me whenever i don't have wifi: Tesla never would have let this happen to me.
shout out to all the retail workers that helped me find the thing right in front of my face because i can’t fucking see.
restaurant: we've been in business since 1964!	me, right after learning what a factorial is: holy shit.
demilitarize the police and then we’ll talk about gun control.
planet fitness is a scam that steals money. @PlanetFitness
Juvenile Detention Centers are child torture centers built to traumatize children so bad they can no longer function in regular society, thus assuring a fresh adult prison population with fresh adult prison slaves.
If you think a child smoking a blunt is a fucking illegal act that deserves legal penalties because weed "fucks up a childs body and mind" WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK JUVI DOES TO THEM
child: i smoked a blunt once.		juvenile detention centers: lets use military torture tactics on this child for months. this seems reasonable to me.
Juvenile Detention Center's infrastructure is irreparably damaging to children.		They torture children and mostly for marijuana possession. It's disgusting.		It must be destroyed there is nothing we can salvage from this horrific system of abuse.
You know, they tell me ... “don’t be afraid of ouija boards, they were made by the same people who stole the monopoly game”		and I say.. if anyone can talk to demons it would be the people trying to convince me capitalism is fun.
everyone always says bush did 9/11 but my conspiracy theory? it was cheney.
this is my 2020 campaign video https://t.co/RaxiB2oh80
it took 70 years to pardon 4 innocent men accused by a racist white woman of raping her leading to their being tortured and murdered and representative steve king still asks: what is wrong with being a white supremacist.
me: police state bad		them: thats not very jedi of you		me: .. correct because they enforced a police state. good job. great. you're getting it.
on the one hand jeff bezos almost ex-wife taking 70 billion is too much for anyone to have on the other hand fuck jeff.
The wall we're building stands for little more than a memorial to white supremacy. it wont keep anyone out. 	https://t.co/TKYPRhUpx0
RT @betasorority: @grapholect instead they generate a kind of microfood that can be absorbed via saliva enzymes upon contact with the billi…
billionaires don’t have feelings and also aren’t human anymore.
As Jeff Bezos found out ... money can't buy love
RT @68tilinfinity: @grapholect https://t.co/fHPA4WHyWI
i hope she takes him for everything he has. https://t.co/WnRsGKqrKw
lol jeff bezos is finally experiencing what we regular folks call "consequences" as he's getting divorced.
politician: donald trump is bad		huffington post: WOW POLITICIAN EPICALLY BURNED DONALD TRUMP HOW WILL HE RECOVER?
california: you know … with social media we can pretty much see every single detail of a person’s life … but what about when they disconnect … how am I supposed to keep track of the people then…		california:	https://t.co/US8z2i9n3d
mao voice: hierarchy is when i dont like you
someone who only took economics 101: did you take economics 101 because it sounds like you never did because you say things i dont understand because i only took economics 101
us politicians: the unemployment rate is very low!		me: thats a funny way to say people with ph.ds are working at walmart because they're afraid of dying in the streets
tried to look at the news today but it's all shit
no child should be put in juvi.
i like how everyone just forgets how much money elon musk stole with paypal.
i'm just throwing it out here we should eat godzilla and become immune to radiation poisoning.
I guess you could say, every ideology has a bug in it, and for vegans that bug happens to be in their food. https://t.co/ltk2wMB6E5
cops when a cop is killed: we worked day and night to solve this case and finally we did it		cops when they kill someone: huh it's just a mystery so much evidence is missing like i dont know maybe it's the democrats's fault.
all food has some percentage of bugs in it therefore there is no vegan food. thanks for coming to my ted talk.
@favtshirt maybe he should've pulled his bootstraps up higher so he didn't die a losers death
@favtshirt https://t.co/o5rbby9Mye
@favtshirt SUCKS TO SUCK
@favtshirt oh well. sucks to fuckin suuuck.
women: I am afraid of revenge porn		men: just don’t take nudes you idiots and then nothing will happen		also men: 	https://t.co/OPOGYWF57i
The US Gov: Have you tried bringing back indentured servitude? What about feudalism? https://t.co/RXtPu9meOP
Next they’ll say to pay in monopoly money and arcade tokens. Capitalists are quite literally this separated from the horrors of poverty that they don’t even understand how money works anymore. https://t.co/RXtPu9meOP
Government Workers: Hey uh.. we need money to survive? can... how the fuck am I going to pay rent?		The US Government: 	https://t.co/8mOKqDm15w
legalize the recreational murder of corporations
time to legalize the death penalty in california for corporations yall https://t.co/OzmVJnXFtR
oh the left is all triggered snowflakes who can't handle a joke at their expense until one of them makes a twin towers being gone joke.
three government shutdowns and trump got elected in 2016?? lmaooooo.... a bit excessive don't you think
it was meth. https://t.co/z8fmH5qeEU
when will jill stein show me the illegal crystals
lol ... well your instincts can probably tell you who 😏 https://t.co/BvUmT4aNDm
damn got the stock market out here acting like it's bitcoin
35d13 Lee, Barbara (D - CA) @RepBarbaraLee reminding everyone that government shut downs can kill and harm people. because you know ... politicians she works with just keep on pretending they're fine.
34d12 Pelosi Nancy (D - CA) @NancyPelosi Democrats and Republicans act like children tattling to the american people on the other party to hide the fact that they're all complicit in our dropping life expectancies.
33d11 DeSaulnier, Mark- (D - CA) @RepDeSaulnier whoever runs this account was mad as hell Dec 21st, understandably. You know you can keep telling people the republicans are incompetent, mark, but you already know the popular vote doesn't pick the leader. You're deflecting.
32d10 Denham, Jeff - (R - CA) @RepJeffDenham He's proud of being an imperialist, what else is there to say about this man? He goes hog wild for murder in the name of nationalism. Also pretends to care about farmers because that's the only way he's getting Cali votes.
31d9 McNerney, Jerry - (D - CA) @RepMcNerney this dude probably actually pays someone to run his account, being that unlike @RepPaulCook ... it's actually relevant still. This dude at least knows how to make a buck off the republicans screwing us over. This is not a good thing.
30d8 Cook, Paul - (R - CA) @RepPaulCook oh this twitter is completely dead, this by is still out here talking about thanksgiving. These folks ain't even know how to use twitter and we're letting them vote on how the internet should be run. i'm just throwing that out there.
29d7 Bera, Ami - (D - CA) @RepBera I like how nothing on this twitter mentions the government shutdown because ami bera's twitter runner probably already knew the democrats weren't going to be able to stop the republicans from their stupid bullshit and decided to stick with PR.
28d6 Matsui, Doris O - (D - CA) @DorisMatsui doesn't post at all. still has stuff pinned to the top of their twitter that the democrats aren't going to let the republicans close down the government... how unfortunately wrong they were.
27d5 Thompson, Mike - (D - CA) @RepThompson I stg all democrats are like watching their siblings [republicans] do messed up shit and then when the american people come to look they're like IT WASN'T ME when they could've done something. this twitter really exemplifies that.
26d4 McClintock, Tom - (R - CA) @RepMcClintock "Why our borders matter" is one of the first things I see so you already know this bad boys a huge racist.
things republicans care about: funding a racist wall that wont do anything	things republicans don't care about: protecting people
@macabremommy LMAOOOO
me: wow this government shutdown is going to hurt a lot of people		the usa government: don’t worry though we left the most important things untouched from our shutdown		me: like what		the us government with a smug smile:	https://t.co/y9PpWSS8cM
Which is stronger?
@itsmeaganagain YES! its so good you gotta try it
@ValkyrieLadyK it's good!!!!!!!!!!
@dairyerr its delicious and a work of art.
@Higgity_HHeck melon is really good
@itsmeaganagain y u m
@TorschM it good
@ValkyrieLadyK yeah it’s really good it tastes like melon lemonade.
@BlairRhys you gotta
@BlairRhys https://t.co/8btpzNZQAe
@BlairRhys the best gatorade ever.
lol the only thing that sucks about being short is they put the cucumber gatorade on the top shelf and im in arizona so it's always nearly sold out so i can never reach the last five in the back.
honestly I already know how incompetent nearly every member of congress is when it comes to technology just based on their internet activity lmao. it's no shock they're completely fucking us over when it comes to the internet
corporations knowingly give people cancer and kill them but you're mad at some dude that shoplifted a candy bar.
RT @LindseyWeedston: @grapholect I basically assume any CEO of a big company would shoot me in the head for $5 if they could get away with…
you know i never find it shocking when you find something like asbestos in baby powder, because i kind of just assume all these corporations are feeding me leaded paint chips and have already accepted my death. https://t.co/LEhW2DFoZ9
me: heres my writing	people: it's good	me: FUCK IT'S HORRIBLE REWRITE REWRITE REWRITE	me: heres my new writing	people: it's better	me: WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME SOMETHING WAS WRONG THE FIRST TIME	people: i didn't realize there was
sometimes i think: no, i shouldn't create content, i'll embarrass myself, i couldn't show this to the world	but then i remember family guy exists.
texan federal judge: if it makes rich people mad it's unconstitutional
me: i haven't heard of texas doing anything suspicious or wild in a couple hours	the news: sorry we were busy, anyway texas says obamacare is illegal
had to learn how to text without looking so i could watch anime
people are like "death is the scariest thing ever" but i'm like "living forever is the scariest thing ever here is my gay horror story about just that"
you know @glennbeck is diet alex jones
RT @WittyEscalator: @grapholect HAHA SIKE anyway today im' gonna talk about why we should ACTUALLY OPPRESS GAMERS
me a karl marx youtuber: hey what's up gamers marx supplier here.
it makes the environment a product one can only afford if they are rich. https://t.co/nsLXHrmczE
the commercialization of environmentalism is detrimental to the very environment itself. it turns environmentalism into a thing that is to be consumed. https://t.co/eq1UMmaLTL
the rapid and consistent individualization of environmentalism stops progress entirely and makes it a performative action only the rich can accomplish.
@ElPloddo me who never watched: this some kind of ... electronics class
2016: everyone hates lenin. u are a tankie	2018: lenin is alright now. we've moved on.
everyone who watched voltron knowing damn well it was voltron: i can't believe i'm finally free	me: u know u... watched that religiously	everyone: we. know.
@CNNPolitics look at his weasel face. such a petty man.
@lottiesnips haha ty
am i too mean or too nice to these congressfolk
25d3 Garamendi, John - (D - CA) @RepGaramendi big on bipartisanship. what else am i supposed to expect from a rep in california? were it a nation it would have what like the third most billionaires in the entire world? something like that. he really likes @CNNSitRoom
24d2 Huffman, Jared - (D - CA) @RepHuffman doesn't like guns likes the environment in a democrat kind of liking the environment sort of way. not a very active account but like .. come on. did you think it would be? constantly calling the trump admin out in the little he does post
23d1 LaMalfa, Doug - (R - CA) @RepLaMalfa ah yes, the republican part of california: the northeast. He honestly just sounds like bipartisan democrats. but like it's california so what were you expecting.
ooo after i do house reps im going to do governors.
22d4
21d3
this should be 20d2
me throwing all my important chess pieces in the fire to protect a singular pawn: im a man of the people
tomorrow i'm going to try to do all 53 californian reps.
just told a house rep to eat a glacier so I mean I'm having a good time
21d4 Westerman, Bruce - (R - AK) @RepWesterman oh this guy here, this guy over here trying to say the federal government had nothing to do with california's wildfires when trump admin has repeatedly decided not to fund volunteer firefighters. go eat a glacier bruce.
20d3 Womack, Steve - (R - AK) @rep_stevewomack this dude did not know how to make a twitter username and definitely didn't hire anyone to help. that or he got his like 14 year old niece to design this page for him. Whoever made the account name probably no longer runs the account
19d2 Hill, French - (R - AK) @RepFrenchHill boring uneventful racist account. that's arkansas babes.
19d1 Crawford, Rick - (R - AK) @RepRickCrawford in infrastructure committees when arkansas's infrastructure is rated like this... embarrassing.... https://t.co/pshqIb0COm https://t.co/8Nwr4fIVyx
18d9 Sinema, Kyrsten - (D - AZ) @kyrstensinema I didn't know she taught at ASU. for 16 years no less. works with people irl via donation projects. where are the republican reps handing out frozen turkeys? @RepDLesko @DavidSchweikert @andybiggs4az @RepGosar @RepMcSally ?
17d8 Lesko, Debbie - (R - AZ) @RepDLesko or @DebbieLesko yep another republican out here needing to "secure the border" from imagined threats. that will literally never exist. but they need votes so they gotta make folks afraid.
@WillGordonAgain @RepRubenGallego ty!!!!
16d7 Gallego, Ruben - (D - AZ) @RepRubenGallego it goes without saying you probably can't get elected as a rep here in arizona without worshiping the military. another democrat that stresses they're bipartisan i personally never trust those. seem like it's votes &gt; justice to them
15d6 Schweikert, David - (R - AZ) @RepDavid whoever runs this account does a real good job at PR. Everything is worded just so. military worship, of course. i also think this tweet of his https://t.co/0t7VSUTZSw is hilarious.
14d5 Biggs, Andy - (R - AZ) @RepAndyBiggsAZ another one of those racists @SenatorDurbin is apparently worried about here in arizona. understandable the very tweets under his name are vicious.
13d4 Gosar, Paul A. - (R - AZ) @RepGosar wants to strengthen arizonas borders, assumably one of the people @SenatorDurbin is obviously worried about here in arizona.
12d3 Grijalva, Raul - (D - AZ) @RepRaulGrijalva telling people he doesn't want the elderly to get got by capitalism. wants net neutrality [clearly understands the people of arizona better than say.. @RepMcSally] 😏 openly saying donald trump admin is ruining the environment. nice
11d2 McSally, Martha - ( R - AZ) @RepMcSally  as heard here https://t.co/iJsq2bQ7Uz "I am grateful to my dedicated staff who are omnipresent in the state of arizona" we're reaching some eldritch republican horrors. talk about 1984. thanks mcsally.
10d1 O'Halleran, Tom - (D - AZ) @RepOHalleran I feel like he's a republican that calls himself a democrat which i mean his thing is being bipartisan it's basically like the republicans hired him to be a democrat so they could get them votes. reminds me of @SenToomey
9 delegate Radewagen, Amata - (R - AS) @RepAmata propaganda to make the us look good to the american somoa.
8 At Large Young, Don - (R - AK) @repdonyoung absolutely not active, really holding alaska up to the real standards. not worth a follow. I learned nothing other than he's a republican and worships the military, yeah that's a tautology.
RT @supergreenmario: I have never played a video game in my life
lets all drop everything and unionize many walmarts in a large area all at once. you cant do just one walmart theyll shut it down. you do enough they cant shut them down without taking a serious hit. force walmart to acknowledge their employees value publicly.
happy 13/12 😏
WHY ARE WE BLAMING SHOPLIFTERS FOR CORPORATE VIOLENCE? you know what would shut corporations down from penalizing their workers for shoplifters? UNIONS.
7d7 Sewell, Terri A. - (D - AL) @RepTerriSewell shocking the only democrat representative in alabama is a black woman who actually cares about the people she's representing. I'll sum her up with this picture https://t.co/6oOGdexAgf
6d6 Palmer, Gary - (R - AL) @USRepGaryPalmer wants children in his community to make a positive change, while he himself does the opposite. this can only be represented by the face of a baby being forced to let him hold it. https://t.co/sZRg7WD4W4
5d5 Brooks, Mo - (R - AL) @RepMoBrooks horrifying little man. that's all I can say.
@noble_av well now I can @ the other reps in the post when their views conflict. and it's funnier that way I guess.
@noble_av now i know 😢
@papasnoke no im talking about my one on house reps not on senators
4d4 Aderholt, Robert - (R - AL) @Robert_Aderholt sends his thoughts and prayers to students severely harmed by the underfunding of public schools instead of doing something like @RepTerriSewell where you know she actually wants public schools funded instead of students maimed.
3d3 Rogers, Mike - (R - AL) @RepMikeRogersAL I hate the way this account is ran and it reminds me of senator @SenJonKyl 's twitter in that it's horrible.
2d2 Roby, Martha - (R - AL) @RepMarthaRoby this is a twitter that is well run. if you want to know what she's doing with a propaganda twist you can get it here. It's active. It's informative for what it is. I'm not saying the words or good or she's right.
@noble_av i was a fucking idiot and didn't make copies. :)
@noble_av i dont understand what happened i made like a long tweet chain? but when i went to post it it only posted like 3 of them out of ... 115 tweets.
1d1 Byrne, Bradley  - (R - AL) @RepByrne His twitter says donald trump is protecting the environment and honestly like what else is a republican from alabama going to say at this point? They've got someone good running this twitter it's very active. not saying the words are good.
I'm going to put the numbers that states which representative I'm on and then which district they serve within said state, so if they serve in district two and are the 40th rep i've reviewed the top will say 40d2
Alright I'm going to review and follow every single United States representative's twitter. I'll review several accounts a day until I'm done. When I'm done I'll pin this to the top of my profile so yall can check out these reps. I will go state by state and in order of districts
https://t.co/HZeoFTXstK damn you can really just watch the senate go. you got this dude up here going off about rich people damn preach.
making shoplifters who stole $100 worth of goods go to court dates and shit is so much more expensive than the shit they stole. it’s literally the state bending over backwards to appease capitalists
it’s 3546ad Earth sent its first sext to the only other life in the universe
remember THIS STAR 🌞???? this star 🌞 turned into THIS nebula 💥who pumped out THIS BABY STAR⭐️. feel old yet????
u can play smash without a gamecube controller https://t.co/nq8PPt1iv5
you cant play smash without a gamecube controller it’s heresy. just ask the pope.
the year is 2021 and congress is arguing over whether or not oven roasted chicken circles are vegan.
i did it i followed every single US senator's twitter. now I'm going to follow every member of the house's twitter. that'll take me a hot minute though.
100 Bennet, Michael F. - (D - CO) @SenBennetCO yep. he's from colorado. checks out. this is as colorado as you can get your aesthetic. taught me the farm bill that was just passed will legalize hemp cool. thats cool. great. https://t.co/4mVfrksyr0
99 Blumenthal, Richard - (D - CT) @DickBlumenthal damn i learned like 800 things too many just googling this dude. I just have this trump tweet https://t.co/bfPCkz7kIA and the fact that this man doesn't have a legit twitter. there is no checkmark. i cant find another account.
98 Blunt, Roy - (R - MO) @RoyBlunt i'll make the joke, it's low hanging fruit, I have no choice, it's the only thing i can do. Sure there are important things to be said, but others have done it better. I contribute this: maybe roy blunt wouldnt be so blunt if he smoked a blunt.
97 Boozman, John - (R - AR) @JohnBoozman he loves prisons.
96 Burr, Richard - (R - NC) @SenatorBurr "Senate Select Committee on Intelligence" this man is scary.
95 Cortez Masto, Catherine - (D - NV) @SenCortezMasto it's very stark, the difference between many of the democrats and republicans twitters. In republicans twitters you see military worship and fear, in many of these dems twitters their advertisement is that they love humans.
94 Crapo, Mike - (R - ID) @MikeCrapo his thing is that he super worships the military. that's how he gets his votes.
93 Duckworth, Tammy - (D - IL) @SenDuckworth her twitter makes her seems to actually care about people. I don't know her, I'm just going off the PR yall.
92 Grassley, Chuck - (R - IA) @ChuckGrassley okay I'm pretty sure he runs his own account because i have no idea whats going on.
91 Harris, Kamala D. - (D - CA) @KamalaHarris another celebrity senator. her twitter makes her sound like she legitimately does not like the prison industrial system, and looking at all the other senators like they just don't hit it as hard as she does.
90 Hassan, Margaret Wood - (D - NH) @SenatorHassan lettin me know the united states was the fourth deadliest place for journalists this year. soooo totalllyy shocking in a country with @elonmusk and @realDonaldTrump telling everyone journalists are vipers basically.
89 Hoeven, John - (R - ND) @SenJohnHoeven he believes in trickle down economics. that's all i gotta say.
88 Isakson, Johnny - (R - GA) @SenatorIsakson sneakily uses "farmers" to hint that he totally cares about the poor, but by farmers he means basically rich people who own land.
87 Johnson, Ron - (R - WI) @SenRonJohnson the second account I've noticed, next to @PattyMurray who actually lets people know when he's writing the tweets. thinks quantity is better than quality. classic.
86 Kennedy, John - (R - LA) @SenJohnKennedy classic racist republican makes his name in white supremacy, nothing new here.
85 Kyl, Jon - (R - AZ) @SenJonKyl this is the first account i've seen ran like this. whoever runs it just puts quotes of his on twitter. it's really weird. and for 13k followers, not really well done.
84 Lankford, James - (R - OK) @SenatorLankford i mean his twitter displays him as your average christian allegedly g-d fearing man that loves killing the poor.  i think all his votes come from rich christians telling poor christians they'll go to hell if they don't vote for him.
83 Leahy, Patrick J. - (D - VT) @SenatorLeahy driving home the fact that donald trump legitimately wants to shut down the united states government therefore harming millions of people ... in order to force people into funding a wall that is fundamentally racist.
82 Lee, Mike - (R - UT) @SenMikeLee the surreal thing is you see all of these accounts for all of these senators trying so hard to make everything they do look appropriate for their voting pools.
81 Moran, Jerry - (R - KS) @JerryMoran The more republicans I see supporting #FIRSTStepAct , the more stressed out I get. You know it's not going to be good. You can just tell. you know they're getting one over us.
80 Murkowski, Lisa - (R - AK) @lisamurkowski yep she's from alaska. case closed. she talks with bill gates like a friend so you know you can't trust her.
79 Murray, Patty - (D - WA) @PattyMurray oo she actually tells you when she's legitimately on her twitter. that's something I haven't seen out of the 79 senators I have reviewed so far. So if you want to actually see a tweet from a real live senator you can catch one here.
78 Paul, Rand - (R - KY) @RandPaul idk all i can think about this hip young celebrity senator bad boy [like @tedcruz and @SenWarren ] is that why are all the shittiest people named like that. ayn rand. rand paul. paul ryan. ron paul. like theyre all the same.
77 Portman, Rob - (R - OH) @senrobportman is out here proving ohio is if the midwest was in the south. https://t.co/p5agtdgjO3
76 Rubio, Marco - (R - FL) @marcorubio another one of those hip young celebrity senators like @tedcruz and @SenSanders very well run account, obviously. yall already know he's Like That though I ain't got nothin more to say.
75 Schatz, Brian - (D - HI) @SenBrianSchatz [but it looks like he mostly uses @brianschatz ] I will sum him up in two tweets https://t.co/9cgr01MhAb
74 Schumer, Charles E. - (D - NY) @SenSchumer actually straight up says he doesn't like trump unlike @SenToomey who is proud of being the 19th most bipartisan senator. these are just things I've learned today.
73 Scott, Tim - (R - SC) @SenatorTimScott concerned with research in preventing diseases, nice. seems to genuinely care about disability at least from going only off of the twitter. but like you know what kills disabled people? capitalism.
72 Shelby, Richard C. - (R - AL) @SenShelby oh whoever runs this account does a really good job. I'm not saying they're saying great things. But it's very well run. organized. I don't usually see this on many republican accounts. You definitely can see what they're doing.
"the press refuses to cover the good things we the senate do." I mean fear mongering does sell? But there is a lot to be afraid of.
71 Thune, John - (R - SD) @SenJohnThune not very active twitter, not very interesting twitter. professes concern for agriculture but mostly uses this twitter as for the aesthetic of nationalistic propaganda
Answer: My preference is to improve our background check system "and those who are dangerously mentally ill" damn, he's really going to call raging misogyny and white supremacy mental illness huh. @SenToomey what of the multi-millionaire shooter in vegas? never would be prevented
Next question: "This week is the anniversary of the sandy hook attack it seems like every day I read about children who find their parents guns and murder and main themselves and others what will you do in terms of legislation regarding safely securing firearms"
The combination of reduced minimum sentences and the ability to earn time off for reduced behavior hes saying will hurt prosecutors from harming legitimate big crime bosses, but like come on @SenToomey ... this is already how it is.
2nd part reward good prisoners with time off when they participate in programs meant to allegedly help them. 		here is his concern and he has not made a final decision:
now @SenToomey is explaining what this bill is in his words. 1 [sentencing reform] category, it does reduce mandatory minimum sentences that people are subjected to for crimes they commit, esp. if not explicitly violent.
"I want to ask about the first step act, it's going to be brought to the floor in the senate. I would strongly urge you to pass the bill, because society has become too punitive without thinking about the actual results to our society."
he makes sure to call america a republic ... lol.
What I get from most of these callers is they are scared of all the fighting. @SenToomey says that the news only really wants to report on when everyones fighting. Claims he wants stronger term limits on politicians but the supreme court is like Nah.
"Canada has a very restricted regime" this is the funniest sentence I've ever heard. thank you @SenToomey
He says there's more growth to be had and I'm torn which is more important? To comfort people in their plight dealing with our political infrastructure or to continue endlessly pointing out whats wrong. He's doing an alright job at doing both but in doing both he says nothing.
I mean we're living in squalor. He's claiming we're seeing upwards pressure on wages. But where? People think 15 dollars is an acceptable minimum wage. That's horrific. Especially with the egregious wealth concentration we see.
He says he disagrees with the opinion that the economy is not growing. My question is: is the economy what we should be concerned with? Is it not more important to account for the standard of living? Is it not more important to account for folks being able to retire?
well @SenToomey is saying that donald trump is a brick wall he's forced to work with. wants bob mueller to finish his investigation
"I'm an independent I'm concerned republicans are standing firm with trump and so many of his team have had interactions with the russians, i'm more concerned with republicans in congress not being a check and balance on trump" is a question asked by fred
I feel like you can hear the stress in his voice over his frustration on people's opinions about the wall but he wants votes so he's like "hey. uh let me talk around the issue because i'm really not going to make you happy with my opinion and what i want to do."
damn we got this super racist lady on here. she wants the government to shut down because she wants a wall to support her white supremacy. ... he's like trying to tell her she's wild as fuck without being rude lol.
he was ranked the 19th most bipartisan senator out of 100, which I mean feels like you stand for nothing because you're constantly trying to appease folks. lots of racist folks calling in are yall surprised?
he was just asked "what are you doing to try and make progress for the american people" he basically just said he can't control these hooligans in congress and he's sorry. I'm paraphrasing. I'm just going off of what he's saying I don't know anything else.
He doesn't want a government shutdown, which like yeah reasonable. Real salty towards republicans, and I mean who wouldn't be. "about 95% of all government activity is already approved and in the works" so he's saying that 5% is the one that's going to hurt us.
He's talking about all the things he's happy congress has gotten done. Mentioning the record low unemployment levels, but I'm curious if this is truly a good sign or actually a sign of people being unable to search for jobs they want and simply take whatever they can get to eat.
Alright @SenToomey is live right now and i'm going to talk about what i think about it. you can listen to him https://t.co/m02mPQHNVq here
70 Toomey, Patrick J. - (R - PA) @SenToomey holy shit i'm going to spend some time listening to this man talk on the phone he's literally right here https://t.co/m02mPQHNVq i'm just going to listen to this dude that's all i got for him rn. im going to live tweet it.
69 Van Hollen, Chris - (D - MD) @ChrisVanHollen is out here begging GM to stop ruining poor people's lives.
68 Wyden, Ron - (D - OR) @RonWyden i was already following this dude. you know the whole oregon thing. i think this is the democratic senator they use in oregon to appeal to like the uninhabited parts of oregon that i'm from.
67 Young, Todd - (R - IN) @SenToddYoung First of the class III senators I'm doin and all I get from this twitter is: "Hoosiers, get your hoosiers here, did i tell you i serve hoosiers, i just need to get the word in one more time HOOSIERS 😤 thanks for your votes"
@thehill comey literally wants us all dead. absolutely wild. hes just going out there and saying that right there
tomorrow i'll do class III senators. 🔍👀
66 Alexander, Lamar - (R - TN) @SenAlexander last of the class II senators. four words come to mind "drug fear mongering" and "racism" hes got someone decent to run the account for him though. they're really polishing up his trash takes. if you like polished garbage here u go
65 Booker, Cory A. - (D - NJ) @CoryBooker oh this is another one of those hot celebrity senators like @SenSanders @SenWarren and @tedcruz
64 Capito, Shelley Moore - (R - WV) @SenCapito she's trying to have the aesthetic of a democrat while still actively hurting the poor. republicans really don't know what they're going to do when more poor people start voting and the gerrymandering doesn't fix it in this system.
63 Cassidy, Bill - (R - LA) @BillCassidy this dude looks like he's on the human version of horsing around. uhh i have an image that sums him up. https://t.co/0gc9tRcWnP
62 Collins, Susan M. - (R - ME) @SenatorCollins a republican that supports and helps fund libraries? it feels like an onion article.
@HatsuneNiko @SenJoniErnst it's just ... an incredible piece of art imo. incredible doesn't necessitate positive connotations.
61 Coons, Christopher A. - (D - DE) @ChrisCoons this dude cares way less about delaware's importance than @SenatorCarper he's onto bigger fish i guess. this is one of the better ran twitters i've found in terms of actually talking.
60 Cornyn, John - (R - TX) @JohnCornyn you can tell which senators had some interns, or they themselves, majorly mess up because they'll all have "RTs =/= endorsements" in their profile description and it's like hmmmm what made this necessary?
59 Cotton, Tom - (R - AR) @SenTomCotton thinks patriot is a good word. i mean they all do. but he says it. uh whoever runs this account is kind of funny. i mean it's to cover up horrors, but like you know give and take. this man likes to have hot takes.
@HatsuneNiko @SenJoniErnst it's still really funny to me. maybe i just have no taste. that's possible. 😔
58 Daines, Steve - (R - MT) @SteveDaines yep he's from montana. I legit can't tell if he just hired someone really incompetent to run his account or if that's literally him. i want to believe he actually posts on this thing sometimes.
57 Durbin, Richard J. - (D - IL) @SenatorDurbin understandably worried about how racist arizona is so i mean that's good news that some folks in congress still give a shit at that level.
56 Enzi, Michael B. - (R - WY) @SenatorEnzi let me write something i think he would say "I'm just your average, thousand dollar suit wearing, working class, fishin, family man. i love coal and destroying the environment while i smoke cuban cigars"
55 Ernst, Joni - (R - IA) @SenJoniErnst she looks like a supermodel. but posts shit like this and has me losing my mind. this is the funniest tweet i've ever seen. do you think she legit runs her twitter and thats why it's like this ? https://t.co/J2Po4KrWmq
54 Gardner, Cory - (R - CO) @SenCoryGardner he looks like he smokes weed but on the DL because he works for the usa and doesn't wanna lose his job. he definitely is the reason marijuana arrests on youths increased after its legalization in colorado.
53 Graham, Lindsey - (R - SC) @LindseyGrahamSC theres a lot to unpack here just in the first retweet i don't even know where to start. this is the first republican where i really gotta sit here and remember they're like this but publicly.
52 Hyde-Smith, Cindy - (R - MS) @cindyhydesmith last tweets were in november not even worth reviewing not used. 		this image is how i feel about this twitter https://t.co/yuotcEbImU
51 Inhofe, James M. - (R - OK) @JimInhofe he wants trumps wall like legit so i mean you do the math on what kinda dude this is.
50 Jones, Doug - (D - AL) @SenDougJones this guy looks like a union boss caricature. doesn't talk about anything all that important from a glance. if he was a 16 year old emo from 2006 his myspace username would be xXsupport_our_troopsxX
49 Markey, Edward J. - (D - MA) @SenMarkey doesn't want another cold war from what i can tell. markey u should talk to @SenatorRisch about why he wants a cold war II.
48 McConnell, Mitch - (R - KY) @SenMajLdr LMAO THIS IS SO FUNNY. this is secretly a burn against george h. w. bush "I am honored to announce today that the late President George H.W. Bush will lie in state in the United States Capitol Rotunda." he's happy bush is dead, it says so
47 Merkley, Jeff - (D - OR) @SenJeffMerkley tbh i was already following this guy because im from oregon. whoever runs this account actually knows how to use twitter, unlike me.
46 Perdue, David - (R - GA) @sendavidperdue this guy looks like if mitt romney grew up poorer and in georgia and cared less about his looks. the account is very good at saying absolutely nothing while having the aesthetic of saying things.
45 Peters, Gary C. - (D - MI) @SenGaryPeters this guy I just know probably really likes Jeff Bezos "make the student a customer" idea.
44 Reed, Jack - (D - RI) @SenJackReed another old dude who knows better than to run his own twitter. i can tell a millennial wrote this stuff though. you can smell it. it smells like my generation.
43 Risch, James E. - (R - ID) @SenatorRisch this dude doesn't run his own twitter, naturally. he definitely wants a sequel to the cold war.
the more senators i rate and follow the more i can see which ones hate each other https://t.co/1e54t6eUpc
42 Roberts, Pat - (R - KS) @SenPatRoberts this dude hired someone who knows how to write clickbait to run his twitter. like i wouldn't expect him to do that, because most of the republicans don't. he wants that image pristine tho. walking that line of hating yet needing the poor
41 Rounds, Mike - (R - SD) @SenatorRounds this dude really likes @tedcruz is ted cruz like the republican's bad boy they all look up to? he also really wants to destroy the environment but i mean he's a republican from south dakota that's like saying water is wet.
40 Sasse, Ben - (R - NE) @SenSasse well like... he sure puts the sass in sasse. https://t.co/tkJFHBZrtp
39 Shaheen, Jeanne - (D - NH) @SenatorShaheen i just really like how many other senators are basically like "haha wow climate change and poor infrastructure are really hurting my state" and new hampshire is like "that's wild. yall take care now"
38 Smith, Tina - (D - MN) @TinaSmithMN is one of those democrats that would say something like "we need more female CEOs" and i think that sums her up.
37 Sullivan, Dan - (R - AK) @SenDanSullivan it goes without saying that this man does not run his own twitter. whoever does run his twitter does a real good job at being bland and takeless. like they're doing their job as they are paid to it's clear.
36 Tillis, Thom - (R - NC) @SenThomTillis looks like a football coach at a state university which feels fitting for north carolina. has some scary takes on prison reform i'll tell you that. he's a huge @MittRomney fanboy. calm down my dude.
35 Udall, Tom - (D - NM) @SenatorTomUdall was really on that #SavannasAct which is great, i'm glad both the new mexico senators aren't completely horrifying. @MartinHeinrich is still the senator i've found to have the strongest fear of climate change ill be lookin for a contender
34 Warner, Mark R. - (D - VA) @MarkWarner allegedly stunned that americans don't understand just how much our data is being collected but like my dude everyone pretty much lives under the haunting knowledge that mark zuckerberg will see everything we ever do.
we'd make fun of everyones makeup in the 1800s and before tbh and they deserve it. the hooligans. the things they put on their faces!!!
later today i will review all class II us senators
@_ryannyman of course i am, it's mandatory. it use to be called taxes.
alright, here's my mild take of the day, nixon didn't make hale boggs plane disappear, but in the drone images actually found the plane, and out of sheer pettiness because boggs hated him ... told them to say they found nothing and to lose the images that are lost to this day
instagram disguising fun new ways to manage and store your data as an accessibility feature. https://t.co/iId4vmdx64
@lottiesnips noo!!!!
social security: hey we noticed the cost of living went up substantially where you live. heres 2 dollars.
RT @amber_queercun2: elon out here with some praxis https://t.co/2Onm04unlh
they keep bolstering that defense budget because the united states cannot exist as wealthy as it is without stealing from somewhere.
33 Baldwin, Tammy - (D - WI) @SenatorBaldwin last of the class I senators, really health care driven in everything she does on twitter. she also cares about water infrastructure which yall know i'm a sucker for. i'm keen on anyone lookin to improve the infrastructure.
32 Barrasso, John - (R - WY) @SenJohnBarrasso this is like if nationalistic country music had a twitter.
31 Brown, Sherrod - (D - OH) @SenSherrodBrown this guys allegedly wants to corporations to pay for eating up tax dollars by relying on employees to receive state benefits instead of you know paying them a livable wage.
30 Cantwell, Maria - (D - WA) @SenatorCantwell wants people to have access to public lands, instead of keeping folks off land their taxes pay for....
29 Cardin, Benjamin L. - (D - MD) @SenatorCardin this guy he's real frustrated congress can't get anything done. he's hoppin mad. forreal tho that's his thing. he's not happy with congress.
28 Carper, Thomas R. - (D - DE) @SenatorCarper he's really sad Delaware isn't considered that important by most folks and a lot of people can't really point to it on a map.
27 Casey, Robert P., Jr. - (D - PA) @SenBobCasey on george h. w. bush "As President, he promoted democracy in the former Soviet Union" and i just think that's a hilarious thing for a democrat to be saying. you know they're scared.
26 Corker, Bob - (R - TN) @SenBobCorker unusually large head. afraid to talk about legitimate issues. no guts.
25 Cruz, Ted - (R - TX) @tedcruz i'd believe this dude actually runs his twitter sometime because you know he's a bitch for the drama. he is ... to make an understatement: a bad person, yes.
24 Donnelly, Joe - (D - IN) @SenDonnelly pays folks to run his twitter but they do a shit job at it.
23 Feinstein, Dianne - (D - CA) @SenFeinstein the dude from new mexico @MartinHeinrich is way more afraid of climate change than her. both are still very scared of climate change. but if it were a competition we know who won.
22 Fischer, Deb - (R - NE) @SenatorFischer she's definitely fallen for one of those chain emails that ask you to give them money for some cause, and then she found out it was fake and has never trusted again.
21 Flake, Jeff - (R - AZ) @JeffFlake do you think jeff flake knows the usa killed Martin Luther King Jr. ? With this dude I legit don't know the answer. You can just tell @tedcruz knows it, but doesn't talk about it.
20 Gillibrand, Kirsten E. - (D - NY) @SenGillibrand she wants more women in politics. all these old male republican senators have garbage twitters they don't know how to use because they don't care about interacting with legitimate people. from looks she tries.
19 Hatch, Orrin G. - (R - UT) @senorrinhatch aesthetically speaking, this is the dude they designed house of cards after. he does not run his own twitter. i think you all know why.
18 Heinrich, Martin - (D - NM) @MartinHeinrich I feel like he's the first senator I've seen that appears to legitimately fear climate change, which I mean at least we know he's not dead inside.
17 Heitkamp, Heidi - (D - ND) @SenatorHeitkamp I feel like she's doing what people wanted her to do when she was elected at least from a twitter glance. driving home violence against native women is an epidemic.
16 Heller, Dean - (R - NV) @SenDeanHeller i feel like this dude doesn't know how to use a computer and i just want you to know he served on the commerce, science and transportation committee.
15 Hirono, Mazie K. - (D - HI) @maziehirono "because of Republicans’ refusal to confirm qualified minority women, and their insistence on filling it with a man whose career is filled examples of his using the law to advance a racist, obstructionist, plainly un-American agenda."
14 Kaine, Tim - (D - VA) @timkaine this sums him up: “This president has a very dangerous belief that he doesn’t need Congress for anything and he can do whatever he wants,” Kaine said. “When it comes to war making, I think that should scare everybody.”
13 King, Angus S., Jr. - (I - ME) @SenAngusKing on that FCC map again @AjitPaiFCC why are you like this? everyone is out here telling you your every mistake, and you're still like this. is the money that good? is that all you care about? you cannot feign ignorance.
12 Klobuchar, Amy - (D - MN) @amyklobuchar she's out here trying to remind folks that vaccines stop people from dying. because you know... people keep forgetting that....
11th Manchin, Joe, III - (D - WV) @Sen_JoeManchin he's challenging the FCC I like that, hearing again about those sketchy bad maps. what's good @AjitPaiFCC
10th McCaskill, Claire - (D - MO) @clairecmc I'm just going to leave you with this quote to sum her up "I support securing the border. I think some in my party go too far when they scream at people in restaurants and advocate violence against Republicans."
9th Menendez, Robert - (D - NJ) @SenatorMenendez bob has his hand at comedy, doesn't like mark zuckerberg. hates offshore drilling, good. Kind of looks like @JebBush if you squint.
8th Murphy, Christopher - (D - CT) @ChrisMurphyCT uhh antigun, talking about yemen, thinks the US shouldn't pull out. actually talking about the exploitation of student athletes. https://t.co/gCTWGlfDSr people didn't like his joke as much as his other posts.
@theomegajojo purgatory.
7th Nelson, Bill - (D - FL) @SenBillNelson lmao ... i mean theyre all gonna do it but here they profess concern for the environment while they gotta' honor and respect the folks who destroyed it. oh he also has some sketchy stuff on drug control keep an eye on him 🔍👀
6th Sanders, Bernard - (I - VT) @SenSanders all i want to do for bernie sanders is post this map, folks go hog wild for bernie. https://t.co/WFa8UTOni4
5th Stabenow, Debbie - (D - MI) @stabenow yikes we got her praising bush and mccain and saying how we need to learn from them and then being like "i don't want people making careers out of destroying the environment" like... lol okay mixed signals here.
4th Tester, Jon - (D - MT) @SenatorTester who is literally telling the USA people need to actually do their jobs when it comes to native women calling for a hearing on the Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women epidemic on December 12, 2018.
3rd, Warren, Elizabeth - (D - MA) @SenWarren this senator everyone knows and she hasn't forgotten puerto rico, that's good.
2nd: Whitehouse, Sheldon - (D - RI) @SenWhitehouse he's got the usual democrat stuff going on professes concern about the environment, frequently talking about climate change and likes fancy cars. sounds like a democrat from rhode island, yeah.
alright first man up senator Wicker, Roger F. - (R - MS) @SenatorWicker we got him talking over here about gettin rural folks some internet. apparently the FCC was letting some intentionally sketchy mapping slide out here allegedly screwing over the rural poor. cool so far.
im gonna follow every single US senators twitter. because thats a thing i can do. then i can see what terrible shit they're saying.
my child in the year 2045 to jeff bezos robo teacher I pay 399.99 a month for after she thanks said child for showing up and continuing school: yuore welcome	local school bully Jelvin Krinkled: you’re*	facebook bot 4: The Eye: Jelvin you have misspelled you’re 300,436 times.
me smoking directly after taking a multivitamin: it’s not enough to make the healthy lifestyle choices, you need to live the healthy lifestyle life!
if any of you think the legal system is a stand-in for your morality system you’re a pretty fucked up individual i have to say. https://t.co/8EPCoZCti6
cop: what we're doing to you right now isn't right, it's not just, but it is legal, which is why imma keep doin it to you. i'm just following orders	nuremberg trials: not an excuse	the usa: lol like we listen to that kind of hippy garbage, next. 💅
who could forget the favored cinematic masterpieces the christians have given us like All Cops Go to Hell 2 and Joe Arpaio Burns for America
christians love cops and prison so much they invented the cops that run the afterlife prison: satan and the demons in hell	that's why all cops go to hell under christianity, it's intrinsically linked to christian demonology.
RT @SpoilersSpoils: The Rich would rather poison the crumbs that fall off their table than anyone eat them. https://t.co/ptJqqq3rTP
violence against police is at an all time low	https://t.co/yoXsc8906f
they've been pushed to get their own liability insurance because they cost the state so much in preventable damages	https://t.co/5KQVQfE7yY
cops beat their wives and girlfriends at double the rate of the national average. 	https://t.co/JdNssYDJF1
just a fun little string about cops:	police don’t have the most dangerous job or even near it.	https://t.co/AYqIvlaASy
@MashaTate I'M GOING TO FUCKIN GO WILD ON EM. thats outrageous.
RT @lottiesnips: @grapholect it's bc flaying nazi flags is illegal in a lot of places here
@SHOUTYRICHARD :) it is a death penalty state. it's oregon. they haven't killed anyone since the late 90s though there's like 30 inmates on death row tho currently.
I thought it was crazy wild people flying confed flags up north you know, like how fucking overtly racist can you get you're not even from the south you can't even hide under bullshit "southern rights" WHICH IS FALSE. but europeans flying confed flags thats a new level for me
@SHOUTYRICHARD now louisiana has of course outlawed this. but my state hasnt.
@SHOUTYRICHARD georgia. incredible. i love it. you're also very wrong, but lmao. i love it. i'll give u a hint it was this state and louisiana that didn't need the unanimous jury vote to convict felons.
@SHOUTYRICHARD guess. do it. guess where i grew up.
if ur gonna smoke cigarettes can u at least do it upwind of nazis to give them secondhand smoke.
if ur working in the food industry and they aint givin u free meals that's p. fucked up i think. u givin out all this labor and they can't even give you a g-ddamn livable wage let alone some fuckin lunch?? hello?
rich writer: okay, i’ve got a new idea for a horror dystopia! picture this, you have to pay for how old you want to live to be. if you don’t have the money you die! isn’t that scary		poor people: you mean like now https://t.co/Xy4kU8Kgwf
lmaooo the gains for the entire YEAR for the DOW have been wiped out, where's your talking point now trump?
@Sailor_Phoe i'm on facebook lol. i already know facebook got my info, whats it matter if they get it from twitter or jeff bezos.
@Sailor_Phoe youre on twitter ....
every time u buy dominoes pizza even if u dont have a facebook ur giving facebook all ur info. so u can be all cool acting and say how you don't have a facebook so zuckerberg isn't spying on you, but he still is, it's just you don't know it while we're fully aware of it.
the political insults thrown around like "snowflake" read to me like 6 year olds arguing with each other and just repeatedly throwing the same insult back at each other and was never really that insulting to begin with but now theyre both crying and a parent has to get involved.
sasuke is catholic now except it's the congress and it's "pizza is a vegetable now" the corn is bald yes.
no no, yall should let donald trump fantasize more about his own funeral
@LA_Randy_NovaSc damn that's southern talk for "fuck you" david isn't playn anymore.
alexandria ocasio-cortez: i’m not making that much yet but i’m still making sure my interns are paid at least 15 dollars an hour		warren buffet: i’m one of the richest men in the world and i refuse to pay my workers even half of the worth they generate for me.		cnbc: https://t.co/p4JxWZOZaP
what is an acceptable temperature to store your refrigerator at??? im taking mine 2 hell answer quick
hurry up and joust me i gotta get my joust bod back
RT @Typhonatemybaby: @grapholect incoming discourse https://t.co/1olk17SblR
if u don't like what i have to say just fuckin joust me about it or shut up.
republicans: leftists just can't laugh at themselves	leftists: lol this is me right before jeff bezo's private militia guns me down https://t.co/bcYl9lgpLh
i'll be happy for progress when i fucking see it.
like i’m pretty sure the reason there are so many leftists on tumblr is just because the right can’t report us out of existence.
everyone migrates over to twitter from tumblr and is subsequently alex jones banned instantly.
the serial killer fandom needs to stop. idolizing folks like winston churchill... smh for shame.
me: cnn please tell me the real problem with donald trump	CNN: donald trump doesn't know how to laugh at himself	me: okay cnn I'm really trying to work with you here, can you please try answering again	CNN, again: https://t.co/BmUaTUOlpl
RT @univetrians: @grapholect i straight up made this pic
@univetrians hell yeah you did
people: we're dying please pay us more so we can afford housing and food		capitalists: https://t.co/rcD1814hRy
im a humble capitalist propagandist	my name is grimes
them: no president would every grope women!!! donald trump is a shame to the name president!!		every single president ever: yeah i've done it. but i'm not telling u this legally. this is just between u and me. i did it. but try proving it. try it. just try. sucker.
alright, kissinger is nearing his time sure, but we need to start making dick cheney feel the same public longing for his return to nothing.
@MYNamE_AMBER I'M TIRED OF THE ACCURACY
@MYNamE_AMBER theyll call him a cute old man when he dies, mark my words
donald trump: i grope women		liberals, rightfully: you're a misogynistic asshole		george h. w. bush: i've been accused a whole lot of times of groping women but I got those CIA connections yeehaw motherfucker		liberals: rest in peace 41st :(
lol liberals out here criticizing donald trump for being a misogynistic asshole, as he is, and then being like rest in peace george h. w. bush you chronic groper.
me at billionaire fanboys: he will never love you https://t.co/33wU1UjRg1
rich billionaire asks why the poor aren't buying more diamonds, journalists in the billionaire's stead write the poor are killing the diamond industry, diamonds continue to be artificially inflated in price, and every rich person stays acting like theyre wondering.
To be expected from elon musk who grew up white in south africa during the apartheid	https://t.co/zHBc6aUaEk
RT @DivineGrim: @grapholect Philanthropy is propaganda.
I don't trust a billionaire's professed concern for the poor, it's a smokescreen for the violence taken to achieve such wealth.
denuclearize the united states of america.
and we see it yet again in hungary:	https://t.co/NdkffQdSl5
and here we see the same acts of violence in belgium:	https://t.co/VwcGJyiV4P
France is not so different from The United States, tear gassing their own citizens despite most of the world agreeing we shouldn't even use tear gas /in war/ via geneva convention. so it's not like we don't know this shit is bad. https://t.co/YyZ9D5Gp2I
@anarchyisrad @Suziemarr1 @georgeisinhell rly good.
@Nick06648301 @anarchyisrad @georgeisinhell same.
RT @fighter_pielet: george hw bush crimes &amp; war crimes thread. mostly so that i can keep track when liberals see and start responding to my…
RT @anarchyisrad: @georgeisinhell @grapholect people in the replies like "this is so disrespectful 😡"... ye thats the point lmao
RT @MYNamE_AMBER: @grapholect thing bad		other thing bad		everything bad		make thing good		communism
me: this country did this messed up thing	them: WELL what about this OTHER country that ALSO did that messed up thing	me: what about it?	them: IT MAKES YOU HYPOCRITE	me: they're literally both bad. this only furthers my point that the messed up thing shouldn't be done.
@realXFLTrump u forgot to add 	belgium:	the belgian police blah blah blah. 	that way it works better with the post format 😔
mental hospitals: let us teach you how to better fit in society by isolating you from society.
@CollinSchroede6 im gonna be real honest i followed u explicitly because your name is so great.
@douglasvicenzi were u ever a harry potter, supernatural, sherlock, doctor who, or homestuck blogger? https://t.co/URzlVa74GH
all the old superwholock bloggers are liberal bloggers now
your nation demands you weep for the corrupt politicians who lived long as they killed the innocent young.
men like george h. w. bush and john mccain get to live well into their old age, far past life expectancy as they cause the untimely deaths of everyone poor around them.
the infrastructure we have was designed to kill the poor younger and younger and it is doing its job perfectly https://t.co/DwUbVbY4gT
the world: tear gas is a chemical weapon and we agreed not to use those remember, right? we agreed. we agreed thats a war crime. remember? you signed on this usa.		the usa: https://t.co/5rmmYGBUP2
wow do u think these two things are related????? https://t.co/JAUyJtik4r
wedding crashers the movie, but it's crashing famous politicians funerals.
george h. w. bush was a gamer and deserves our respect for giving us call of duty black ops. #RIP41
actually i've been thinking about it and the most appropriate song to be played for George H. W. Bush's death is Friday by Rebecca Black
they're in power, and their actions lead to their power, they are not going to face consequences for seizing what they have. they aren't going to be tried as war criminals. the only justice we get is their deaths.
you're so right how could i be so wrong. https://t.co/amqfCqqcP0
#RIP41 stands for rot in piss bush don't let the LIBERALS lie to you about this secret CODE.
in fact, i don't believe you have standards at all. fascinating. https://t.co/KXtxcOs3ns
George Human-Rights-Violations. War-Crimes. Bush
if you think george h. w. bush was one of the good ones, you have very low standards.
yeah sure i get embarrassed sometimes, or feel like a bad person, but then i remember i never destabilized iraq and nicaragua leading to the deaths of hundreds of thousands and i feel a little bit better: at least i wasn't George H. W. Bush.
thoughts n prayers to the bush brothers, may they see their parents soon 😔😢🙏
person who celebrated osama bin ladins death: how could you possibly find joy in the death of george h. w. bush???
please pray for george w. bush to be reunited with his family 😔🙏🙏😇
@commiestuck ain't that just the way. 😔 they know damn well these men weren't good.
it was his fathers death that finally radicalized Jeb!
get the smallest alexa in the world to play despacito for george h. w. bush.
Henry Kissinger Romaine Lettuce Challenge
@_I_LikeTurtles thanks. no one is as smart as you are after all.
so is everyone about to pretend George H. W. Bush was a good person now that he's dead.
capitalism has turned people into commodities, we no longer see ourselves as human beings but things that must produce worth. we start feeling like we’re losing our production value and we end it. that's part of why the life expectancy is dropping in the usa.
usa: sorry nasa why bother going to the moon again it’s just a stupid rock		capitalists: what if we use the moon to make money		usa: https://t.co/N8EBQTrBj2
them: whats signs do you have that capitalism is killing people? what signs do you have that it’s worsening their lives?		me: https://t.co/615gNwGb5H
unions are okay but police unions are terrorist organizations
gaming company: you know those like 2 female character we have, well we just released like limited edition cards of them or some shit buy now		men: i'm tired of this anti-MALE agenda.
like father like daughter 💅 https://t.co/5QkEr5t3Sc
them: republicans have some sort of integrity, that’s why they were so angry about hillary’s emails. they would do the same for anyone else. they care, honestly		republicans: https://t.co/7uciCoD66U
if you're on a social media website your information has already been sold. it's kinda how capitalism does its thing and is gonna keep happening as long as capitalism exists.
yall really aint gonna be able to explain to folks just how much money jeff bezos makes, most of us can't even comprehend the number 1000 you think throwing a couple million at us is going to make any more sense?
yall know you're actually exciting us when you say the democrats want to get rid of the police after ICE, like ... you know that's what we want don't you? You aren't scaring us, you're securing votes for a party that wont deliver the goods so I guess either way we all lose.
person: wow I sure hate my period	some cisdude: lol just get pregnant you idiot.
the stupider people think you are the more information you can get out of them
social scientists: why arent people having as much sex anymore???		mostly everyone: oh I don’t know couldn’t possibly be the whole drowning in debt and overworked thing could it?
Alan Dershowitz: Mueller's report will be 'politically very devastating' for Trump.		everyone on the planet who has lived through a modicum of the bullshit trump has gotten away with: https://t.co/yXwlIBMqVO
them: look, if you just keep making it easier on the corporations they will create jobs and support the people. you just have to believe in capitalism!		capitalists after they’re given everything they could ever want: https://t.co/4TK7jjz9ps
white nazis in high schools here in the usa get preferential treatment, and no consequences for their blatant nazism in school, white nazis literally commemorate their white supremacy in photos that go viral, and still nothing happens. but black children are sent home for braids.
being bi on tinder is like	me: wow ! a match with another bi person	said other bi person: My Husband/Wife And I Are Looking For Some Fun	me: I don't know what I was expecting
food network is asmr
why must you correct me by repeating exactly what i said back to me except pretending i wasn't the one who just said it.
i miss oregons fall/winter rain
me: you know i can keep going.
also me: https://t.co/XKkzaZ8g0v
them: if you don’t like a corporation just don’t buy from them	me: https://t.co/An4kDzAFKy
them: i've kept my internet presence clear! i've never given away my information to any social media website	me: ... did u... buy @dominos online	them: oh no... oh no...	dominos handing over all the given information to mark zuckerberg: pleasure doing business with you
them: wow i sure am glad no one has my information because of this VPN and I don't use facebook and ...	google: https://t.co/oswFXk4Ymm
the lonely NSA agent assigned to you sighs, "facebook, you're the only one who understands me."
me: hey facebook has all your information		anyone on any social media website: haha thats why i don't use facebook		that social media website selling all your information to facebook: yeah.. ha ha..
me: facebook is horrifying isn’t it		them: how?		me: https://t.co/m1xxZ52ghH
fuck you if you're shopping today
this is so fucking funny, 4 Chinese mining entities produce 60% of the hashing power. Which means they can shut down Bitcoin whenever they want, but they're slowly milking the last bit of value out of it while they can. Bitcoin has an expiration date.	https://t.co/yu3LEKfpGl
remember when @VICE wrote an article called "The Pilgrims Were Queer"
sorry cishets this is a DANGEROUS space we only care about LGBT SUPREMACY if that TRIGGERS u BUZZOFF snOWFLAKE.
them: i'm going to come out to my family!	me: wow! great ! that's so exciting for you	them: they're mormons	me: ... oh no. oh no. are you sure about this? oh no.
write “f” on my tombstone
@tehrangerfan im losing my mind
abortion is murder republican screams as he sends troops to murder.
mickey mouse was walt disney's fursona
lol corporations demanding an end to gun violence because theyre afraid of the rise of the proletariat.
donald trump: time to fight the evil food police by deregulating the fda!!!		the cdc directly afterwards: we regret to inform you vegetables are now inedible.
@itsmeaganagain (:
walt disney was a horny man.
RT @pissvortex: twitter asserts its dominance as the most powerful blue website by devouring tumblr
they will keep calling you fat until you become nothing.
arizona doesnt have autumn it has second spring
me in childrens pants: WHY ARE THEY STILL TOO LONG
brave GOP congressmen stands up in the house “hey” he says nervously, coughing once, twice, into his hands. “fuck poor people” he whispers before sitting down. congress goes wild. he is instantly made president.
america was not and will never be great. it must be destroyed as it is. until then let us help each other in this horrible nation.
at the end of the day pirating things on the internet is class reparations 💅
me on the piano: alright yall, heres a little song about my life in b flat minor	piano as it makes eerie screeches from the abyss: you know not what you've done.
me: drones killed people while obama was president and he allowed it	them: Sounds like RUSSIAN propaganda you PSYOP.
if a union will destroy your company then your company should be destroyed
if it was just a joke then whyre you mad tho
yall keep putting out that copaganda the more folks criticize em. you're just making cops even more fake. you are dehumanizing them: continue. it will work in a way you will not like.
if it wasn't for my vague understanding of physical sciences I would never be able to open gatorades. g-d bless
damn arizona a dem sec of state? im losing it.
@WittyEscalator :)
me: universe I'm having a bad day	universe:	https://t.co/qC3fRFA9eK
Yes!! 😤😤I’m a gamer!! 💾📺 I say Gif🎞 like the peanutbutter Jif! And I pronounce video ⏳⏲games🔦: video james. 👾If you don’t like that buzz off!!! ⏰⏰⏰⏰
me anytime anyone criticizes me: what a pedant am i right yall?
anti-pelosi dems who realized supporting a more conservative dem was probably out of touch with their new voters, are now supporting someone who refuses to sponsor the equality act, marcia fudge. 	watching dems is incredible i have to say it's like a really life threatening sport
copn't
you can't be pro-cop and anti-gun control.
RT @ValkyrieLadyK: @grapholect There was a bit more "I'll kill any cops who come for my guns!" rhetoric in right-wing circles during the Cl…
seems to me yalls enemy should be the people designated to enforce gun control you gun lovin son of a guns.
who do u think will enforce gun control when they outlaw guns for the people but not for the cops? :) ?
person: *drives 10 miles over the speed limit past a cop in hiding*		cop turning siren on and going 50 over the speed limit to catch up to the person who has since slowed down: I'm here to make sure people drive safely.
Which is more insulting, calling someone a "cop" or calling someone a "fed"
they can smell the boots; it triggers saliva. 👢🤤
upset self-professed anti-authoritarian ancaps with anti-cop propaganda.
@dralokyn i remember getting real pumped for those cinnamon twist things on my birthday.
he had a bunny fursuit the playboy bunnies just wont talk about.
Hugh Hefner was a furry.
how u gonna make capitalism work for the poor when wealth necessitates poverty
poor people have a completely different take on what luxury food means for celebrations than rich people naturally		I remember seeing folks shocked this old woman went to taco bell for her birthday 		taco bell was a birthday place since i can remember lmao. thats where u go???
well thats what happens when you make those decisions you shouldn't have.
a fed trying to discover russian psyops on twitter: haha vladimir COOLTIN am I right comrades?!
@tehrangerfan haha yes. im fine
me carrying my laptop down the stairs tripping: I will break my back if that's what needs to be done to save you laptop. the medical insurance will pay for my pain but I will never be able to afford another laptop ever again.
@business @bopinion literally no one thought this was a good idea if you asked normal people who actually work regular jobs.
all this talk of gun control for the people but no talk on gun control for the police 🤔
okay but children shouldn't be allowed to marry at all.
aint it these folks that claim the left just uses buzzwords and wordsoup to explain their ideas...... i mean... glass house.
a fucking gem from this article. if you thought the headline was bad you should actually read it. https://t.co/IoqXVN5FdU
This was written by @johntamny in case anyone was wondering. 💅
Hey @johntamny why do you hate poor people, just wondering?
them: rich people don't need the poor to suffer in poverty just to keep their life of luxury		forbes:	https://t.co/8xSa7JziVc
i mean yall still sayin dems took an L after sinema won in arizona? w/e like ok.
victoria’s secret is slave labor.
HOBBS MIGHT BEAT THE WHITE SUPREMACIST IN ARIZONA!! Already leading by over 6000 votes!!
sinema has taken the seat!! will we see a purple arizona????
waiting for the filler episodes of the night sky to hurry up so i can see orions belt
them: everyones exaggerating over the impacts of non immunizing kids. its not like were seeing outbreaks of bad things its all just propaganda to give you a shot		real life for normal people who live right now in reality: https://t.co/JZvFRXZzz8
republicans in arizona: were about to get a blue senator	so u know what i think? remember when i said “urban voters” couldnt get a chance to reorganize and get themselves together	well i actually meant that it’s okay for rural voters to because i think theyll pull mcsally ahead.
@ValkyrieLadyK thats how i feel 😔
@Typhonatemybaby thats fair thanks for your insight
why do people keep saying the democrats didn't get a huge win this election? are u in the same nation as me?
@SchmidtJesper wow thank you!!!!
let communists say fuck
Over 10 years after hate groups began recruiting lonely gamers		news: it appears gamers are being recruited by hate groups, shocking and new information experts all agree
them: why cant u can't take a joke	me: every time i take a joke jeff bezos tells every bank in the world to drop my credit score by 3 points and then charges my amazon account for never paying for the joke.
tim canova: how do i get more attention than 5% of the vote	tim canova: the election i was never going to win was stolen from me!!!!
no burden like your own to bear 😔 https://t.co/B5kqOwOtqw
when youre a republican and youre so mad at the people tossing you aside you sarcastically become a man of the people and your salt makes no material difference.
from everything im hearing sinema is in the lead. will she hold though??? will arizona get a blue senator????? cant know until arizona hurries the fuck up with vote counting. twenty-four hours yall.
i leave oregon and two months later recreational weed is legalized i leave michigan and four months later recreational weed is legalized. why is life so unfair to me????
from an anon: hey have you ever noticed how the tesla logo is shaped like a copper iud?	elon musk fukkin destroyed
@gravelmans1 @business brilliant. your intellect is unrivaled you really showed those commies with your hammer of logic
you ever need proof were in the late stages of capitalism just read one @Forbes article
@Forbes wow i love capitalism !!!!!!!
@ABC who is surprised trump would appoint a slimeball?
@gravelmans1 @business youre sending anticapitalists to a capitalist state? i love your complete and totally perfect understanding of politics. you know more than literally everyone else. great job.
@business but apparently its just so much more efficient to force people to suffer homelessness. you know its been proven repeatedly housing allotted to the homeless is cheaper in the end on a nations government and people.
@thenation “just have more imperialism. it really works!” -the usa
RT @workersworld: Google sued for pay discrimination https://t.co/KEBhSvSRsD https://t.co/tOgcmOy1TQ
@workersworld @flugennock nice
@CBSThisMorning are they going to use minors to fight these fires too?
shout out to all the firefighters in california putting themselves in danger to actually help people. hope yall make it home safe
Ted Nugent calles Michigan Californias shithole, and I guess when you yourself are a shithole you get really good at spotting others.
This just in, Trump replaces Jeff Sessions with Death Robot in attempts to mitigate damage caused by Jeff Sessions’ unruly behavior as attorney general.
Next Arizona election update regarding green mcsally and sinema wont be for another 24 hours. arizonasaid theyd have it done today. They’re really dragging this race out.
@noble_av I MEAN IM GLAD YOU UNDERSTAND
@Typhonatemybaby no i think thats jon kyl
Hi, I’m Angela Green, Green representative of Green Party Arizona did I say Green enough?
if yall blame sinemas loss on the green party’s angela green im going to fuckin lose it lmao. can we start pointing blame at the white supremacists knowingly voting for mcsally????
@Typhonatemybaby IS THIS NOT THE FOOTBALL OF THE DYING MERLIN??? BE REASONABLE.
@noble_av yeah hence my enjoyment of it comes from a sick sense of a missing self-preservement.
49.4% of the vote for mcsally thus far and sinema trailing behind at 48.4%. can she move the percentage point in her favor??
@MYNamE_AMBER politics are many things to me but never boring
@MYNamE_AMBER i like sports. their outcomes are less lethal
politics are like sports for suicidal people.
the spectacle of it all theyre only 10k votes apart rn and it keeps slowly closing in willl she make it???
400k votes left to count for the senate race in arizona. can sinema do it???!! ill lose my mind if arizona gets a blue senator tbh. what an upset
the middle school teacher spits in my face “dnot fUKCING use first person!!!!!!!” i stand up and say i will do what i think is right and the people will decide which person folks should speak in. the teacher is absolutely obliterated.
why cant every republican shoot themselves in the foot like this? we wouldnt even need a revolution
a judge was so mad he lost his spot he became a prison abolitionist to own the libs.
the midterms end and everyones like ok cool we can relax for a second and then ruth bader ginsburg is in the hospital.
@lottiesnips https://t.co/GeQnrPp5F7
@lottiesnips california
unsurprisingly another fucking shooting today in america. horrible for the victims involved.
yes. i will attack elon musk over every little thing because it’s fucking hilarious.
jeff sessions upon getting fired: can i get high in public now
oh they smoke weed but does the church as a whole allow it? no. thats why mormons secretly voted this in against their church, but then in the public theyre like “wow this is so against god am i right fellow christians?”
mormons must be mad as hell over utah passing medical marijuana laws. lmaoooo.
Oregon: it's impossible to force a unanimous jury verdict in criminal cases we have to keep it non-unanimous!!!! it has nothing to do with racism	The Literal Last State Besides Oregon That Did Not Already Have This, Louisiana:	https://t.co/x0qIWRfbZo
them: it’s not feasible to automatically register people to vote it has nothing to do with voter suppression it’s just impossible		Michigan: https://t.co/LAMpr3Nw4o
Oregon's Governor @KateBrownForOR has no excuses now in not abolishing the awful law that allows for non-unanimous jury convictions. Appalling. Yall pride yourselves on being progressive but you're the only state that has this dated racist practice.
@KateBrownForOR What are you going to do about the non-unanimous jury verdicts in criminal cases still being legal in oregon and not anywhere else because it's been proven to be racist
Louisiana ended a jim crow era law that didn't require unanimous jury convictions in felony cases ... And Oregon? A state with a blue trifecta ... what're yall gonna do about that? 🤔
them: elon musk has nothing to hide and neither does tesla. unions are just lame !!!! its not that thered be any reason for a union their employees are safe and happy	me: https://t.co/Y3NpKBHSyf
them, wrong: the flip phone will never come back	me: https://t.co/b0lCOCtPsX
with a democrat house majority we dont really have to worry about the ACA getting killed if the democrats do what they claim to that is.
@ValkyrieLadyK its good to have dreams im told 😢
REDRAW OHIOS DISTRICT LINES
okay im just putting this here but i bet texas will be blue 2020 and i want to have the option of being like “i told you so” and im also guessing a blue florida. imagine how dead the republicans would feel.
is a presidential race where people compete to show the nation how little they stand for in order to appease the bourgeois state?
just because your political activism isnt world changing doesnt mean you should give up. always do at least something to help folks.
as far as the 2020 election goes, things fight back as they die, be very wary of the republican party. you can’t stop being politically active now that voting isnt all you can talk about.
@tehrangerfan i mean you ain't gonna hear me denying that.
27 fucking house seats got taken, 7 governor positions got taken and democrats are still here complaining like no one did anything for them.
democrats: hey, lets take this massive win and blame non-voters for something for some reason.
RT @LisPower1: Fox News' William La Jeunesse, who has been embedded with the caravan and has given live reports on the caravan's progress a…
getting told i'm "heavily against voting" and just why does my criticizing things mean i’m heavily against voting. i voted. why do we all have to defend the fact that we voted to tell yall to fuckin lighten up on the innocent.
you know whats fucking hilarious Walker the Wisconsin governor signed in a law that said there couldn't be a recount of votes if there was under a 1% discrepancy which is exactly how he just lost his spot. He caused his own downfall.
the man who irons his clothes while he wears them probs just won a senate seat so like that’s great
the majority of non-voters by a landslide	are literally just the poor and marginalized	but everyone comes up with this fictitious selfish person who intentionally doesn't vote just to spite everyone else. he probably has a man-bun and vapes–like come on these people don't exist.
if you'd rather take out your anger over the election out on non-voters and third party voters than the literal republican voters maybe you should reevaluate what it is you care about. cause apparently you're just out here willing to overlook overt evils.
stop turning on the people who are getting hurt right along with you and start turning on the people that want us all to suffer.
blaming third party voters and non-voters sure is a real great way to hold LITERALLY NO ONE ACCOUNTABLE FOR THE VOTES THEY ACTUALLY PICKED THAT MADE THE WORLD WORSE.
absolutely incredible that democrats take the house and people are still telling non-voters they're the cause of all the worlds problems.
Democrats are still going in on non-voters when so many people voted the way they wanted them to for the most part. 	You’re unhappy because the system is terrible and a bourgeois state can’t be taken down by bourgeois elections	This is how your change looks: slow and incremental
your shitty little rally in wisconsin didn't do SHIIITTTT cause look who the governor is https://t.co/wfHTaqyVMh
first u legalize the weed then all of a sudden your governor is gay!!!!!!! the republicans foretold of jared polis. we should have just had hope they were right. #Midterms2018
how long before third party voters are told they're the cause of everyone's problems ever.
hahaha........ twenty seats damn. https://t.co/AfC834ZD2K
that @tedcruz just knew telling everyone he was the zodiac killer would get him that win.
dems lose florida but gain ... kansas #Midterm2018
hahaha #Midterms2018 https://t.co/b7WhCQhJeM
cant believe the 2020 election starts tomorrow 😔
the corrupt NJ Dem Senator got re-elected. That's what yall meant by blue no matter who right ... #Midterms2018
ha ha losers #Midterms2018 https://t.co/qc3rOVSfgN
elusive democrat house lead, retweet 4 gud luk #Midterms2018 https://t.co/Ypoa6NLKVj
REDRAW THE LINES #MIDTERMS2018
look at this gerrymandered bullshit, they literally cut out all of their democrat voters from the upper counties, In what world does a ridiculous shape like this make sense. #MIDTERMS2018 https://t.co/ktGTLjimK6
we're literally waiting on whether or not a gerrymandered state will be able to vote out gerrymandering. #Midterms2018
Currently officially at 8 dems to 10 repubs #Midterms2018
Looks like homophobe Kim Davis lost to a Dem #Midterms2018
Barbara Comstock has lost re-election. Dem flip #Midterms2018
😔 https://t.co/GzSftagjvh
dems win VA 3-0 an uncontested race. so when are they gonna do the shit they've promised? #Midterms2018
me: dont look at the election results. they don’t mean anything. it’s not going to change anything. don’t look. it’s just going to stress you out.		me 2 seconds later: https://t.co/ATwJv3ieSc https://t.co/CuEBfZRT8k
liberals you know all of us g-ddamn leftists went out and voted this time, despite our beliefs. What are you going to do when the people are ignored again? Will your answer always be voting? Is that all you can think of?
them: I normally don't condone violence ... but	me: JUST SAY IT'S OKAY TO HIT NAZIS AND GET IT OVER WITH.
I'm writing a book, if you wanna give me some critiques it'd be pretty great because I'm sure you're all great writers.	https://t.co/SIZa8MPoGq
me at all those exceptional teachers i've had: wow you're really good at your job why the fuck are you here at this school? you could be anywhere	them: I like the area.
politicians today are on twitter like:	this is an official ballot u can cast by the federal government. I swear you don't have to go anywhere else to cast your LEGAL and FEDERAL vote.
do you think @tedcruz thinks of himself as a bad boy?
please @tedcruz call the people nagging you to apologize for the zodiac killer joke snowflakes. i'm begging you.
violently. overthrow. the. elites.
i dont know about you but if republicans started majorly backing something I’m saying as a whole I’d probably start questioning what I’m saying and asking what their ulterior motive was cause it absolutely isnt that theyre good people.
i meant more computers. i dont think we should go paperless but im sure theres a way to make counting votes more efficient
monster energy drinks taste like the agonizing years of my high school life and desperation for productivity.
voters: why cant we vote using computers so everything is easily counted easily researched and easily accessible to many	the us government: no bcuz what if we got hack	voters: oh you mean like what already happens anyway that you literally dont care about
RT @ValkyrieLadyK: @grapholect I think people on both sides sometimes fall into the trap of critiquing him as if he was a fictional charact…
people discussing trump rallies openly admitting donald trump cares more about the spectacle than solving problems and describe this as being a good thing
"read it and weep" is definitely a phrase one could use to describe how terrible my writing is.
me, trans, looking at all my pictures: hideous, awful. very bad	random person: these pictures look fine. you look fine.	me, trans: i wonder what could possibly be obfuscating my view of myself.
@MYNamE_AMBER i mean they can if they want i'm not going to correct anyone or anything until i mean.... i personally feel like i have ground to stand on. because i personally am a coward 😔
@ValkyrieLadyK I think I misread what you said here I'll delete the post sorry. I read you saying something completely different both here and previously. my bad.
@MYNamE_AMBER 😔 im sorry
our political infrastructure make it so trans folks either suffer in fear or hide in fear.
@antifatalism WAITING ON THAT SIKE 😢
beautiful, i love it. https://t.co/OTzAlOD9ZC
@antifatalism do u think Marx got bentham kicked off of big brother?
Das Kapital was basically Big Brother
you'll all enjoy reading academic texts a lot more when you learn who the author fucking hates then you can see a jab at said hated author on every page. then it's not learning, its reading about The Drama™
@Typhonatemybaby and it's so fucking great.
academia in the social sciences is so easy because all you have to do is start shit with well respected academics in your field you dont even have to be right you just have to have hot takes
small brain: every time i suck at writing get an editor to help me out	big brain: every time I suck at writing point it out in the footnotes and make fun of it before anyone else can.
I love writing this fucking book	You really can write ... whatever you want	like this:	"How the fuck am I suppose to be descriptive in a story I was only half paying attention to"	q u a l i t y i f y o u a s k m e
i wish voting was as impactful as everyone thinks it is then maybe things wouldn't be so bad.
them: figure out what you hate about your writing and work on that	me: what if i make a book about everything in my writing style that i hate and use that as the punchline	them: no dont ...do that	me: great, thanks for the advice i'm doing it.
it rains so much in oregon that so many of my friends get their seasonal depression when the rain is gone and summer has begun lol.
me every time I think I've had a good idea: "I can't tell if this is a good idea because I've never had one before in my life. How am I suppose to know what it looks like. Someone. Please. Help."
@tehrangerfan i don't know maybe he's working on further militarizing the police and using them instead.
a certain percentage of you got this correct. https://t.co/5mncxbkN3t
them: here are some FREE alternatives to photoshop		me, stealing photoshop CS6 on demonoid at 5am in a public library, march 10th 2016: you have nothing to lose but your chains
canned item: do not store at temperatures above 120f	 	me in death valley california in the summer with said canned item: https://t.co/iqS3hSUOjm
im not saying dont vote. i just voted. im not saying it doesnt matter. it wouldnt be so regulated if it wasnt important for something. but the belief that it’s the only way to change things is a detriment to us all. dont only put your effort into getting folks voting.
news: amazon building killed two employees due to preventable weather related dilapidation		jeff bezos: what, you dont think i got this rich by giving a shit about my employees do you?
stop white christians from making literally every single thing about themselves. theyre just gearing up to say red cups at starbucks killed jesus this year. nothing happens to yall shut the fuck up and have some fucking respect for the jewish people youre actively causing harm.
A VA hospital in denver closed down because it was doing too well and the government was like "we're here to save money, not save lives."
@jomstooper I HATE THIS. I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU MADE ME READ THIS.
i think i just invented a new way to write books, i'm not saying it's a good way, or that i absolutely invented it, I've just never seen it done before, and maybe that's for good reason sure but for the moment I'm having a lot of fun.
@gustavot888 finally some ethics in gaming journalism.
yall this is a very serious question what class and race was bill gates when he played DnD i always pictured him as more of the dungeon master https://t.co/pEMJcFd4QO
@macabremommy i wish you didnt
@dneighbor probably i mean if anyone knew how to it would be good ol' backstabbin bill
RT @ValkyrieLadyK: @grapholect I can only imagine how insufferable he'd be to play D&amp;D with.
Did Bill Gates play DnD?
do you think Bill Gates played dungeons and dragons ... He looks like he did. I bet he did.
im only good at things i hate because when i like em im too afraid of messing them up.
RT @lottiesnips: @grapholect HALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHALLOWEENHA…
happy halloween friends!!!!
if you have the choice between beating your young child and not beating your young child, i'm pretty sure the obvious answer in every case is to not fucking beat a child.
regardless of my political affiliations, i just realized the democrats could have an absolutely incredible slogan in the next presidential race:	hindsights 2020, vote democrat
how long till yall think he flips. 2 seconds ?
never thought i'd see the day where paul ryan thinks donald trumps racism has gone too far #14th_Amendment
but they wouldn’t want that at all would they how else would they keep terrible people in office … 💅
i think all judges on ballots should have who appointed them next to their name if they were appointed, it sure would make my decisions a lot easier, and would take a whole lot less time on the internet lmao
there are so many judges that need to get voted out in arizona.
@ThisNerdyDancer (the mathematician)
@ThisNerdyDancer people like paul cohen are famous for it.
@ThisNerdyDancer formal logic is mathematics
dudebros on here talking about logic without ever having a single logic course ... yall just like the aesthetic of STEM without actually doing any of the work to learn what youre talking about
@zapemded this is irrelevant to you i'm sure but i run a relatively popular blog and you'd assumably be very surprised at how few people know theres a distinction between liberalism and leftism, i just got asked a question not two seconds ago https://t.co/M7T4qGMxXk
the news: trump scammed people again and now theres a new lawsuit		literally everyone and their dog: … did yall just forget about trump university or what dont trust this g-ddamn nightmare family
leftists: liberals are not leftists please stop insulting us.		liberals: we’re totally on the left lol, we just really try to unite everyone out here		also liberals: https://t.co/Ajb7oArVTa
trump administration: damn our approval rating is plunging		the american people: https://t.co/W7J5KtqS0q
it’s always “would you go back in time and kill hitler to stop WWII” as if that would have stopped it. hitler could have been anyone because of the vehement hate for the jews. blamed for every problem capitalism caused every problem nationalism caused. and look what happened.
this is why we’re coming up on repeating what we all said we never would repeat. mark my fucking words. they know people are angry don’t let them give you a scapegoat that defies material reality once again.
when the holocaust is taught to children in the usa they dont tend to talk about the horrors of nationalism or the destructive nature of capitalism. they pin everything on a singular evil person. completely ignoring the material conditions leading up to his existence.
more young people in america are against capitalism than for it. this barrage of antisemitism is intentionally constructed to preserve the suffering of all. they want people to hate the jews so everyone can ignore the capitalist knife placed in our collective chests.
before the holocaust happened anticapitalism was reaching a peak, people were thinking critically about its flaws and to cover it up they blamed all the horrors of capitalism on the jews to pull attention from their capitalist transgression and thats exactly what theyre doing now
in fact it would make it even less accessible to the poor and marginalized because if it were made into a national holiday capitalists wouldnt stop themselves from monetizing it forcing all their laborers to further cater to the upper classes just like labor day.
they say that voting should be a national holiday so that more people can vote but when have the poor and marginalized ever had a national holiday off.
republicans in north carolina actively make attempts to hide their partys voting decisions because they know if people saw how despicable they truly are they could never get enough votes.
doctors who claim they love patients who self-advocate and say they wish more would are openly admitting that disabled people who can’t self-advocate are at distinct disadvantage due tothe medical industry’s inadequacies.
New Game That's Actually Really Old: Was This Horrific Thing Said By A White Supremacist Nazi Shooter or By One of Our Very Powerful Politicians
the united states government should not be trusted, their leaders are antisemitic white supremacists and they make that no secret.
this is beyond a dog whistle this was an outright plea to have someone attack jewish folks and the house majority leader fucking knew this and look what happened.
kevin mccarthy sits here claiming “jews buy the elections” “jews control everything” “im inadequate and horrible in every single way and some how that’s jewish people’s fault” https://t.co/PdwtCdbTnr
this happened what … three days before a massive shooting at a synagogue because that piece of shit shooter was saying the same fucking shit the literal house majority leader was saying https://t.co/EP3zZmp6ij
It’s men like @kevinomccarthy the house majority leader, who inspire people to shoot up synagogues in the first place with his blatant antisemitic white supremacy… this man has a huge amount of power right now and isn’t handed enough shit for how disgusting he is.
RT @rg0lds: Zichrona livracha v’Hashem yikom damam.	May the memories of today’s antisemitic terrorist attack on our holy day be a blessing,…
RT @JamieLight: Joyce Fienberg, 75	Richard Gottfried, 65	Rose Mallinger, 97	Jerry Rabinowitz, 66	Cecil Rosenthal, 59	David Rosenthal, 54	Be…
We must always speak up in solidarity with jewish people. You must always weed out the folks who are dangerous and antisemitic. 		It should be one of the first questions on your mind when meeting new people: how do they feel about judaism because so many approach it with violence
the GOP three days ago in wisconsin: no one is cutting medicare we love old people and not completely murdering everyone haha right? im feeling emotions right now. dont you know that one emotion it’s like the secret sixth one ... “not feeling like murder”	the GOP seconds earlier: https://t.co/buqXYvEc5d
Scott “Gotta Beat Up All The Chads And Alphas” Pilgrim
capitalists: unions are under no threat people just don’t join them because they hate them lol we dont stop them or do anything mean to the loser unions		also capitalists: https://t.co/56X8atAjZo
remember when doing the laundry had the same energy as doing the dishes except worse
look, i'm a bad writer, but I think I'm just going to show my shit just to hear the criticism on it to get better.
@faustish0lurve they never let you worldbuild using the told youre given with mathematics. math is all about building your own world.
me: rush limbaugh sucks		them: Coming from the people who have never listened to a second of Rush Limbaugh in their lives…		me: wow thats the nicest thing you’ve ever assumed of me.
on twitter you get banned for swearing at people on tumblr you only get banned if the literal federal government wants to get rid of you
posting on tumblr and getting responses is like:		me: bees can be black and yellow		1st commentator: yes but you forgot that bees can also be black		2nd commentator: yes but you forgot that bees can also be yellow.
the way they teach mathematics in k-12 public schools in the usa is basically like a woodworking class teaching the students all the names of the tools and how they work but never letting them build anything
Bilbo “It Was Just A Small Chest Of Treasure And Many Priceless Gifts And Also The Most Important Ring On The Planet” Baggins
actors ARE larpers but larpers are not always actors.
Bilbo "I'm Not That Rich, But I Could Buy You And Your Nation" Baggins
them: the trump administration isn't into eugenics, thats all gross exaggerations from the left		the trump administration: https://t.co/CL6riYS138
drummer in a cover: *plays the wrong thing*	everyone who can't drum: Sounds great I love this song	drummers: wow this sounds like shit it's not even played right everything is completely ruined you hack
but what can you expect from shit owned by the koch brothers am i right https://t.co/91NAfgDmBO
donald trump: im a nationalist		the news, heavily run by the people who would profit extensively from nationalism: https://t.co/1YxqI1Yws2
@cauboidoespasso how dare u compare useless horrible insects to bees 😭
how are you going to say “life isnt fair” and then say capitalism is meritocratic?
im cooking this later https://t.co/NSaMBn1mCS
@theomegajojo classic
@macabremommy TOO NICE TO ME
@lottiesnips youre so nice omg
im a bee for halloween https://t.co/XY2uibtvyd
insurances play with people’s lives every time they obfuscate laws in order to get out of covering cures and treatment for the dying.
@dralokyn youre right this is too insulting to them
@Marlor18 @thehill you mean the slave owners that defined black people as less than human
@PosadiStache bold of you to assume id ever become successful enough to set trends
lmao oh im new to twitter apparently youre suppose to put your liveblogging all in the same thread. yall im sorry 😔
@rural_girl19 @Marlor18 @thehill are you conflating people with states rural girl? its okay sometimes i dont know what i'm talking about either 8) glad to help you figure out what unit of analysis you want to use.
republicans are obsessed with maintaining dominance at the judiciary level because they know they can't get enough votes to sustain themselves because no one likes them
@chrisrust55 someone has to
Not MY orange cheeto man brave liberal says standing up ending fascism once and for all
@Marlor18 @thehill mary, can you define mob rule for me contextually please and thank you i just have never met someone with as vast of a wealth of knowledge as you like ... i genuinely dont think my brain will ever be as big as yours.
@ShelbertDoo ok but should we put that much pressure of a fucked up system on poor guy he is an innocent 😢
@Salon hmmm they dont do they...... https://t.co/o6y1xDvSN3
@nypost https://t.co/bWBUKkQxZU
@thehill hmm almost like the president that appointed him didn't actually win the majority vote and the majority of americans never wanted him or his ideas in the first place
@politicususa @ResistanceNOW77 donald trump at the monisee rally: we must be civil and peaceful in public always	donald trump five days earlier: https://t.co/Z9rpCgER7g
GOP: UHM... WE WERE NEVER HOSTILE TO THE MEDIA LOL THATS THE LEFT 	donald trump five days earlier: https://t.co/nWmR4Pa53a
@AlterNet you know that thing that happened five days ago everyone has magically forgotten about
@AlterNet im just going to leave this here https://t.co/gCdtexaprU
@TIME what happened to this https://t.co/s0Rk8UfJjX
@AnnCoulter you're really mining twitter for the hottest takes aren't you ann you wild rascal.
@AnnCoulter calling ted kaczynski a liberal has to be the wildest thing i've ever read in my life
@Kokomothegreat calling ted kaczynski a liberal has to be the wildest thing i've ever read in my life
@thehill what happened to this, or did everyone forget in the five days it happened lmaoooo https://t.co/6zZ3JUVbZN
@Politicsinsider @businessinsider &gt;threatens to assault a reporter	&gt;bombs sent to CNN directly after	"we need to be civil lol"
@nypost wow who saw this coming i can't believe it such a shock truly ground breaking i never would have seen a white supremacist abusing women coming........
@SkyNews and it was only just 20 minutes ago donald trump said "we should never be violent in public spaces" after earlier threatening a reporter with assault. really makes u think...
so which supreme court justice do you think donald trump will have assassinated first in this quest to replace a supreme court justice once a year
like oh... they're gonna be dying huh? okay.....
donald trump: i'm going to replace a supreme court justice once a year		the american people collectively: https://t.co/J2XJDIww7F
"I'm going to replace a supreme court justice once a year" I have never heard anything more horrifying #MAGARally
trump saying we shouldn't encourage violence in public places directly after actively encouraging people to be violent ... absolutely incredible. #MAGARally
donald trump picked mosinee wisconsin because of the american legions history against communism there, if you so much as look at the wikipedia page for the city it's on the very top, mosinee was no mistake. it was a message.
"we need to bring more factories to america and you know what manufacturing is good for america ... WAR IN SPACE" #MAGARally truly we live in 2018
"these bombings" trump says but not a single explosion was had #MAGARally
"we will make america wealthy again" donald trump says as the usa has had the highest GDP for so long #MAGARally
"the settler colonists didn't have a lot of money but they set out to make this country great by pulling up their bootstraps by getting huge government subsidies while the government actively murdered native people for the land we live on now" #MAGARally
"we will get rid of the criminals drug dealers and terrorists out of our country" damn trump you leaving or what? #MAGARally
not a single one of the countries want to open up space for war fighting FOR GOOD REASON yall ... this is horrifying trump wants to take his wars to space #MAGARally
I want you americans to fund the military but i think space travel should be done by the private sector #spaceforce #MAGARally
if we werent working with south korea north korea would be a much larger threat to the united states you liar you didn't do this south korea has been working for decades to ease the tensions between north and south #MAGARally
did he just say "king kim jong-un" #MAGARally
"poverty is at an all time low but we don't redefine poverty as inflation rises so basically we're liars" #MAGARally
"this election is about racism and this election is about white people getting more jobs" #MAGARally
donald trump to a hollywood director: mccarthyism but it's about MS-13 #MAGARally
"the crisis on the border" #MAGARally	the border: https://t.co/DnojM8UeY7
donald trump is trying to make "free healthcare" sound bad he's literally using it as an insult against the governor of california #MAGARally
"We want a strong military" no I couldn't tell from all your warhawk stances donald #MAGARally
"this blue wave doesn't seem to be doing so well" you're right we DO need a red wave donald, a communist one. #MAGARally
they're trying to claim health care is their major focus because they know poor people aren't going to vote for them when their platform stands on our deaths #MAGARally
"republicans want to protect medicare for the elderly because we know poor people are likely to die before they ever reach old age in the first place lmao" #MAGARally
"i need to go to washington and stand with this man [donald trump] and fix healthcare once and for all by murdering every single poor person we can get away with killing" #MAGARally
"i think you're just about worth 2,500 dollars and thats literally it" #MAGARally
TAXING TAMMY IM LOSING MY FUCKING MIND #MAGARally
"we're going to send tammy back to the private sector that she doesn't even know exist" wow sick burn how long did it take u to come up with that one lmao #MAGARally
"you followed through on your promise just like you have followed through on every promise you have made for us" am i in a different reality or did yall remember when donald trump claimed to be pro lgbt and now is delegitimizing trans people entirely #MAGARally
"he wants to raise your income taxes" donald says to scare the wealthy as he wants to brutally murder and shorten the lives of immigrants because he knows what these people really care about #MAGARally
the straight white middle class nuclear family with 2.5 children will get 2000 whole smackaroonis in tax breaks thats not crumbs says man who pisses 2k every morning #MAGARally
will trans health be covered under your health insurance donald? #MAGARally
@TractorWrangler im a soulcialist 😔
we will cover people with preexisting conditions assuming they're rich and can afford coverage #MAGARally
"are you happy to have the president here" *crowd quietly cheers* "wow a pretty good crowd here" #MAGARally
the crowd chants "four more years" and my soul leaves my body #MAGARally
socialism is the worker's ownership of the means of production donald trump, none of these bourgeoisie folks want to hand over the means of production to workers, so no these politicians do not want a socialist healthcare #MAGARally
"this person who loves capitalism wants a socialist takeover of health care" #MAGARally
yall look at this fucking username i'm losing my mind https://t.co/lQcgYvsOlF
@TractorWrangler you must have gotten bullied in school huh
"we're rebuilding our military stronger than ever before" yeah because america is totally known for having a faltering and weak military #MAGARally
"the justices i picked will be defending your rights" says the man who told democrats not to vote lmao #MAGARally
@TractorWrangler i get that you never learned math, you don't have to spell it out for me 😔
@TractorWrangler who wouldnt be jealous of this hair
@TractorWrangler you strike me as the sort of person who wouldn't pick up on that yeah.
donald trump saying borders kind of suck in his speech about how great borders are ... #MAGARally
@TractorWrangler im a communist
@TractorWrangler it's really not hard to understand what inflation and google are.
@TractorWrangler https://t.co/REEBsX0PFz
"right now more people are working in america than ever before mostly because the elderly can't retire and the population is larger than ever before but this is totally a good thing right" #MAGARally
"get out and vote, now if you're going to vote democrat don't bother" #MAGARally
"democrats believe judges should be able to rewrite the constitution" says the man trying to rewrite the constitution #MAGARally
"democrats strongly support sanctuary to immigrants" ... obama administration literally deported more people than donald trump's has in the same given time but alright #MAGARally
"everythings coming back and doing great" says the man on the day the stock market took a dive #MAGARally
donald trump just acknowledged that people don't get into america even when they should be allowed to because he straight up doesn't view them as human #MAGARally
"democrats want socialist healthcare" god i wish that was true #MAGARally
trump looks like he has a flock of seagulls haircut #MAGARally https://t.co/C4xiD7BVxX
"we must accept the verdicts of elections" says the man who won an election by not winning over the majority of the people in america #MAGARally
"any threat of violence behind politics is not allowed" said the man who recently joked about assaulting a reporter #MAGARally
donald trump "i want to keep america safe by criminalizing trans people, killing people of color, and criminalizing the very existence of being in america while not american" #MAGARally
all those rich white women right behind trump proudly holding signs that say "women for trump" bitch not on my life #MAGARally
donald trump walks on stage and proud to be american instantly starts playing wow who could have seen this coming? #MAGARally
fox news only shows the first folks in the very front of this rally because they know everyone hates donald trump the sea of red hats slowly dissipates the further back you go #MAGARally
donald trump before the rally: spotify, give me a playlist dedicated to nationalism #MAGARally
damn trump really pulling out all the aesthetics of fascism in his #MAGARally
@tehrangerfan worse.
every time a liberal says orange cheeto man i go into fight or flight mode
bombs sent to the press directly after donald trump jokes about assaulting a reporter ... hmm interesting #MAGABomber
no socialist would be so fucking ignorant that theyd actually believe the bourgeoisie physically checks their own mail
either these alleged terrorists allegedly sending bombs are completely inadequate at their alleged jobs or theres more to it than i can see.
im just saying what kind of walnut sends people bombs they know would never personally check their mail. what does that say to you
every time u remind me of @piersmorgan existence you make me lose the game, forgetting his existence is the only way to win.
theyll still arrest u in ur blue lives matter shirts ya kissup nerds.
RT @lottiesnips: @grapholect The thought of Thatcher starting earlier made me physically sick
so heres a picture of an actual government document released by the literal white house saying margaret thatcher was prime minister in 1976 because apparently a literal white house employee can't do a quick google search and learn thatcher wasn't in until 1979 https://t.co/hxrfl5MlpW
the real takeaway from this image is that rich people can't learn https://t.co/AbBikgZOyR
how are u going to tell me the ban on gay blood donations in the usa is just to prevent the spread of stds and ignore the fact that you're not suppose to donate blood if you have an std, so adding "and if you're gay" is explicitly antigay
donald trump: but how will corporations set prices if the people control the means of production haha, got ya socialists capitalism wins
Yes, whitehouse dot gov gdp will go down under socialism because it would be destroyed.
Why Socialism is Bad Written by The People and Institutions Who Would Lose the Most in a Socialist https://t.co/QkOol5TJ0o
reagan: *become president*	aids crises: happens exactly because of the regan administrations actions or inactions. 	donald trump: *becomes president*	the usa once a-fuckin-gain: https://t.co/pBW3rTDnAY
you see “explosive device found in soros mailbox” and just know it’s an antisemitic attack and not anyone finally sticking it to the billionaires.
the real voter fraud is the votes forcibly witheld from being cast by politicians threatened by the marginalized
mental health is treated as though its a criminal offense when places designed to help the mentally ill are institutions that destabilize our social connections and isolate us from the world. it is a place to hide our suffering until we are tolerable to others.
me: hmm wonder what trumps up to today it couldnt possibly be worse than what he was up to yesterday	donald trump: im going to assault a reporter lol	me: oh geez
i will admit your voting bullying campaigns got me to vote lmao.
@lottiesnips ong youre too kind
claiming you did all you could because you voted and nothing changed and then blaming the results on nonvoters instead of the oppressive state is pretty messed up but whatever.
republicans are only christians because you cant tax the church
@ElPloddo we all know a guy 😔
humans are the “i know a guy” of the animal kingdom.
trump cuts billions from the poor and the suffering and still has money to fund private security protection for confederate soldiers' graves. shocker.
donald trump raises over 100 million for reelection funds ... americans die from curable illnesses because they can't afford medicine.
the next time you think “lets threaten someone people hate with sexual violence” dont. 		it doesn’t matter what your alleged politics are if you think sexual assault is acceptable under any context.
it is absolutely never acceptable to threaten someone you hate with sexual violence.
@tictoc sexual violence should never be used as a threat against someone even if they suck
@tictoc ten bucks she made it herself 💅
we’re in the timeline where republicans forget we aren’t full fascist yet: https://t.co/JIlFA0wr1v
i knew i was in the wrong thrift store because the first thing the radio said as I walked in was "and who wouldn't like ronald reagan he was the perfect president" unironically.	you would think they'd know their customers were all poor and had their lives worsened by reagan.
alec baldwin: we need to overthrow the government	me: 🔍👀👂	alec baldwin: by voting	me: https://t.co/8nGjcGGGmt
people getting on disability in the united states isn't just about the meager allowance they give you to survive it's about the massive medical costs covered, so when you ask why some people are even on disability because they seem financially fine consider maybe they're not.
@CNNSotu @BernieSanders I’m pretty sure most people aren’t big fans of being disruptive and rude in public to protest injustices but sometimes we have to do what we fucking have to do.		sometimes to get things done you have to do activities you don’t enjoy.
pharmaceutical company: we can't advertise our prices it will discourage customers	people: MAYBE YOU SHOULD LOWER THEM.
🤔 https://t.co/22JsIpNR5O
donald trump allegedly doing 1 or 2 things allegedly right doesn't make up for his horrific material impact on the planet and society and it never will.
pharmaceutical company CEO: we can't list the prices on our medications because people will get discouraged from buying them 😔		it's all for your benefit and totally not ours lol.		it's not like people are already discouraged lol right?
them: what has hillary ever done wrong???!		hillary, looking everyone square in the eye right before she fucks up: https://t.co/w86vqoQGnd
@animadiscordia u cant have that without a state 😏
corporations would rather pay to have food destroyed than to give it away to the poor and hungry all the while touting fundraisers to “end child hunger”
you know hot take libertarians but you cant have taxes if you dont have a state 🤔
thank you to my 7 followers and the 750 bots!
everyone in this country is punished for telling the truth i see 😔 https://t.co/EKXqVCYHIT
teacher: stephen miller ate glue as a child	stephen miller: no i didnt!! im not angry. im not mad. im not mad its nbd im fine everythings fine	5 seconds later: https://t.co/ps9I25v7GQ
@vladthejanitor but you care!! https://t.co/GNYdhIAbIX
someone just asked me why forbes published a hit list every single year. 🤔
people: we would like to see accurate depictions of society, this includes marginalized folks	media: alright we’ll give you SOME depictions of marginalized people but they all have to be rich ok	people: thats ... really not what we asked for	media: Great!
@kantra9 😔
these lazy millennials all they want is an education so they can work a job that pays for a 1 bedroom 1bathroom apartment.
gen eds were the trojan horse of academic gatekeeping.
college is like: hey we know if we allowed you to test out of this mundane horrible middle school level writing class everyone is required to take youd pass but we dont allow that lol. have fun
anyway fuck shitty gen ed classes especially when theyre used as a way to keep poor people from affording graduation.
all im trying to say is stop blaming people who didnt or couldn’t get their voice heard over the people who did have their voice heard and fucked everyone over with it. 		your voter propaganda takes heat off a glaring problem with the system and places blame on the innocent.
remember when everyone openly hated a poor old woman for suing mcdonalds for fucking up 		so everyone mad at her ate at mcdonalds to comfort mcdonalds just to spite her		demons tbh.
yall keep begging people to vote because we all know theres no one worth it the system is designed to kill. 		this train has no breaks no matter who the conductor is if someone steps on those tracks theyll be ran over and killed.
@MYNamE_AMBER I love that popular drinking game everyone knows about!!!
im not going to Good Faith read articles owned by jeff bezos, sorry.
according to the new york times being legally and forcibly stopped from voting still isnt a valid excuse to not vote. 		i dont think said journalist understands what voter suppression is.
🤔 https://t.co/C7VnHQoERx
@Independent https://t.co/NItdJZTNQU
@thinkprogress and were expected to believe police think murder is wrong
oh boy how soon are yall about to start blaming the poor and the marginalized for the country killing them because they couldn’t vote lol.
the implications of the mass legalizations of marijuana better hold retroactive decriminalization first and foremost.
if you dont want your children to swear dont swear at them. its not rocket surgery.
it’s all “what about freedom of speech” until someone is a marxist, then it’s “where has this country gone to”
@IdahoGOP are there donation posts for them set up yet? 😏 gotta support our troops you know.
oh nooo a communist in the usa??? whatever will they do ???
hippity hoppity smoke weed on company property
hallowed be thy name https://t.co/WjVdIQuaAM
just playing some mancala https://t.co/XgTGdWsi0H
the forbidden Guy. https://t.co/1R3AUKlsE2
jack black is dark guy fieri
will medicaid cover my psychic reader?
@ValkyrieLadyK listen arizona is great it’s just that Scottsdale you know
@shutyourhell i saw a clipped version of this on my phone and thought “when did the hulk become a father”
hippity hoppity property is theft
so jeff bezos is raising the amazon starting pay sure but hes taking away monthly bonuses, and stock awards		so you know what he was thinking he was sitting there like “get this get this im going to make more money while i look like a hero to the working class”
requiring an ID for someone to vote, an ID you must pay for, is definitionally a poll tax. if the government isnt providing everyone with free ID cards then this can’t not be considered a poll tax
if you want people to vote and you think voting is important then you need to figure out why people arent voting in the first place and then ask yourself if it’s truly their fault.
never tell people to stop questioning their nation even if they didnt vote. how can yall want to silence the majority that badly????
the folks who say “no one would work under communism” prove capitalism itself doesnt work 		all it means though is that capitalism makes peoples lives so miserable that the only solace they get are the small moments of nothing between survival.
one of my least favorite things people say is “if you dont vote you dont get to bitch” when 	1) voters barely decide shit that happens 	2) many express their political opinions or “bitching” by: not voting. 	3) !!!!! MANY ARE UNABLE TO VOTE!!!!!!!!
cell phone: buzzes	the news 11 minutes later: cellphones buzzed. https://t.co/vRSf0oX0xS
@tehrangerfan its all about the dialect and social connotative value.
you may be 23.64442% right but dont compare my use of ‘u’ in place of ‘you’ to hoovers use of ‘builded’ in place of ‘built’
them: if we had universal health care people would be waiting months to years to get treatment	me: oh you mean like right now regularly except its not universal and people mostly just die
RT @lifehacker: FAFSA now has an app, and is now open for the 2019 school year: https://t.co/UOLV7E4JqO https://t.co/DQXvUYJweJ
the trauma of sexual assault alone is enough reason for a survivor to not want to report the incident. pile on people who harass them, call them liars, or ignore them and youve got a lot of rapists in positions of power.
people on SSI can’t even save 2000 dollars which is to say even on a year where we have the maximum amount of money possible we can’t even save up tothe poverty line.
@DawnsBread i dont like bees
disabled people should be allowed to save as much money as they want regardless of if theyre on ssi
@DeLisaPerry_ absolutely perfect.
what are you going to be for halloween? im going to be a bee because they are what i most fear.
them: when have gender reveal parties ever hurt anyone		me, a fucking smart ass: https://t.co/aNetd3qbYG
people treat sexual assault as if it’s light bullying among peers.
When you build g-d then we will talk
you can live like a king on 30 grand a year in phoenix. people who make six figures have no business complaining about their so called humble status nor do they ever need more. frankly rich people just dont know how to live within their means.
why condemn another nation before condemning your own?
democrats shouldn't exactly consider this a win on their part because they are neither free of sin nor innocent in this matter, however, republicans sure as fuck like appointing rapists.
@CheekyCommunism :/
kavanaugh is probs gonna get into the supreme court, no one gives a shit what happens to women regardless of assault allegations being directed at him 		to pretend the supreme court has ever has given a shit about women is a grave misunderstanding of their status over the people.
all i really want to do is learn how to play drums in peace.
@AllyEncampment 😔 it is true. i'm just trying to have a good time here.
i mean if i'm reading that right it's pretty interesting to hear from the entertainment class itself.
which i mean you know is to say no matter how rich the entertainment class gets they only have their labor to sell, and therefore have have much to gain in the abolition of capitalism as the rest of the proletariat do. at least i'm pretty sure thats what it means. like i said idk
I'm just taking a shot in the dark here, cuz idk anything, but in neo yokio the magistocratic class are to the rich of neo yokio, as the wealthy entertainers are to our rich. which is why the constant theme is that they'll never be truly accepted by the rich: only a passing fad
there are a few older folks thatre quite humorous because theyll regard the internet with such disdain and view those who make money off of it as lazy and then turn around and beg you to show them how because they recognize it is a skill they do not possess therefore difficult.
@XXVmusic dont they believe in a dictatorship of the proletariat?
divine right of kings or human nature? 🤔
capitalists require a state to enforce their ownership upon the people. if a state does not exist the capitalists become the state. anarchocapitalism is about as anarchist as feudalism.
@corbynisacooont @jeremycorbyn @TWT_NOW @PeoplesMomentum “wow u participate in asociety you seek to be improved? im too woke to participate in society and enjoy growth”
@corbynisacooont @jeremycorbyn @TWT_NOW @PeoplesMomentum lmao calculus. buddy do you like know any math thats not done by like children
them: capitalism doesnt inspire malice in people!	capitalism: https://t.co/B6xmlS0k0J
@TIME wow i love how capitalism is really nice and great
@jeremycorbyn @TWT_NOW @PeoplesMomentum Frankly, the rich are on borrowed time.
slightly comical story, i recently moved to phoenix arizona from michigan and i left behind a cat. my parents said hes broken a glass a night since i left. they said it was because he missed me. but i know its just because i was the only one to move my brothers cups to the sink.
dysphoria is name brand self hate
alex jones: ive never done work for free	alex jones: thats why my wife left me 😔
them: In my house everyone did dishes every night, because we only washed the dishes that we used.	me, absolutely losing my mind to shock: i cant believe 1 day olds know how to clean bottles right out of the womb.
republican: california is communist		me, real sly: no! it’s worse!		republican unknowingly agreeing capitalism is awful: yeah i guess youre right lol
them: monopolies are illegal and oligopolies hardly pose a threat	jeff bezos: https://t.co/ar7KzcfQFS
people of the world: i really dont think i like capitalism	capitalist: fuck ... shit .... fuck shit fuck	capitalist: https://t.co/Bq5Z5BSizm
@thehill and yet
@lottiesnips definitely
them: comedy doesnt write itself		reality coming in hot with the truth: https://t.co/VTgv4Su6nw
rich people: having a statue on a bench is a great way to let the homeless know they arent welcomed
wow nice road rich part of california wish you could... i dont know ... do that consistently
now call me a stickler for drought rules but i am anti-golf grass plots in the desert.
gotta work all those extra hours to save up for your early coffin
ohio is if the midwest was also in the south
california is the reification of social media if it could vote.
them: california is communist	me: you mean that place where the highest consentration of billionaires in the world live because tax laws are very good to their capitalist ways?	me: i feel like were talking about different californias.
when youre smart, hard working and lucky: you start thinking you deserve what you have-what youve accomplished, but it was the luck that put you in your place you better remember that and not hold yourself above the rest.
RT @MYNamE_AMBER: @grapholect Russian bot
it’s 2032, liberals make it illegal to drink unless you are 21, over or under is forbidden.
next on more unnecessary shit no one needs ever: gendered single toilet bathrooms and as a rule: gendered bathrooms.
person: im starving, my family is sick and isnt getting treatment. life is a nightmare	libertarian: Hold on where are you from I need to decide if I’m gonna fake caring.
me as a child starving: but at least im starving under capitalism right? 	💀👌
if your singular defense of capitalism is that it isnt communism and you cant even define communism you might wanna look for another defense.
As someone who is mentally ill, in order to be productive there are set medications I must take. 		to feel well there is a completely different set of medications I must take that vastly inhibit my productivity. 		So tell me which one is more profitable under capitalism?
Capitalist institutes can never seek to end or cure mental illness when the very nature of capitalism itself is maddening.
RT @puppyhowler: @grapholect "it happened to me, and I turned out great!"	I got scratched in the face by a cat, I was fine, no injury or me…
them: i was spanked as a child and i turned out fine! which is why i believe it's okay and acceptable to abuse children	me: ... sounds like you turned out not fine and think it's acceptable to abuse children now because you yourself were abused as a child. that's uh bad.
@CBSThisMorning No one would walk into work and say over the weekend they hit their friend with a 24 inch long paddle for acting out in walmart ... but apparently if you say you hit a small child with a 24 inch paddle while they were trying to learn, thats acceptable.
@CBSThisMorning How many times do we have to jump through hoops to prove spanking doesn't work and only seeks to traumatize children and normalize their abuse
you wouldn't say "oh yeah I beat my friends ass with a stick for saying the fuck word in public in a walmart yesterday" and expect people to take kindly to your actions yet apparently this is okay if you say you did that to your small child instead.
them: yes schools use to abuse children, but thats not allowed anywhere anymore!		georgia, USA: https://t.co/Q1d8OpK7GN
deleuze made that shit up for the notes
when poor children are malnourished that’s overwhelmingly a fault of capitalism as opposed to a moral failing leading to child abuse.
them: i'd rather take fascism over socialism if those are my current two options	me: ... so you're a crypto-fascist then	them: what no i just think fascism is better than what we're doing right now–they make a lot of good points	me: so you're a crypto-fascist
one things for sure no matter what part of the political spectrum you associate yourself with someone is definitely going to call you a liberal no matter how inapplicable the ideology is.
it’s gatekeeping and should be abolished. 		it’s them looking at college bound students and saying “how can we shrink this population”
from every faucet of its preparation to its completion it’s stacked against the poor.		to score well you must: pay for a tutor, pay for learning materials, pay for the test, have expendable time to study for shit that has little to do with your field, and so on.
The GRE and SAT are not marks of great academic achievements, but measurements of expendable income.
millennials killing another industry yall and it's facebook: https://t.co/Ix1ayYioys
@BenScoffin hmm not really the point ben, but thanks for your insight.
public schools should offer drivers educational training.
I'm just throwing this out here, if you aren't going to teach school children gun safety they shouldn't be anywhere near teachers with guns. furthermore how long is the training for teachers before they get their classroom guns? how extensive is this great educational embark
students, parents, teachers: please, pay teachers more, please give students more resources, please make training future teachers more accessible, please feed the children		betsy devos: hey congress please consider this–it’s what the people are begging for…		betsy devos: https://t.co/DI8iZnS8lB
elon musk smokes fat clouds while a majority of the US prison population is there for drug violations. hMMM 🤔
@M0kujin @wolfesbrain only after it's broadcasted upon his stance on racism in america is known is it an issue i see 💅
detention center for children? or prison for existing.
never really thought i'd see the day when people called george W bush a sweet old man. how truly disgusting. are no crimes great enough to remember if the us president commits them?
even when money is no longer inhibiting the poor from receiving an education from where the rich do, they are still inhibited by everyones feelings towards them.
the wealthier the general population of a school the more funding goes towards the already rich and the more the poor are forgotten about.
there's pros and cons of being a poor kid in a rich school district. I'd like to say the pros are overwhelmingly a better school system in general, but the teachers tend to ignore the poor students and favor the rich ones who they know will have promising careers anyway.
RT @wolfesbrain: @grapholect Right? Honestly, I have...well, some qualms about Kaepernick's going with Nike, but they're more general probl…
no one gave a fuck about nikes trangressions until they endorsed colin kaepernick then they looked real hard to find a politically correct way to reject him.
twitter permanently banned alex jones. absolutely incredible.
@thehill This is absolutely incredible.
@lynnterra7 @Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics I understand. The negativity can be overwhelming.
@lynnterra7 @Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics wow that rly means a lot coming from a genius like yourself. 😔
@lynnterra7 @Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics do you have an iq of 300?
@lynnterra7 @Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics ty ur brains just 2 big for me 2 understand. :( i wish i was as big brained as you.
@lynnterra7 @Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics I put math first for a reason. 🤨 guess yaint got much to say when you cant just write someone off for studying a field you disrespect.
@Hope4OCT @lynnterra7 @ABCPolitics 😏
@lynnterra7 @Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics you prove you yourself dont think your country is great when you ignore its self-professed values for your own purposes.
It’s things like this that prove if you have enough wealth power you can do anything you like. only the poor must pay for their doings deemed crime by the untouchable. https://t.co/nCKJchjc0W
@Salon Who cares. Are we concerned with justice or wealth? You must decide.
@Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics true but is that a materially national thing or a materially individual thing
@lynnterra7 @Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics wow sounds like ur pretty mad. maybe u should leave the country if you dont like people utilizing their freedom of speech 💅or do yall not care about that anymore🤔
SIICK watch someone who has screwed over millions totally OWN Alex Jones. HES OUR ALLY NOW. #liberalism
@Hope4OCT @ABCPolitics why did you ever look at us positively in the first place is the real question.
@ABCPolitics theres theory and then theres practice.
@TheSun u really can't buy taste can u
@business wow who could have guessed this
@TheSun disgusting that child predators like this are teaching children.
@technology @NjataQueen https://t.co/wrg8HdJSSE
@thehill alex jones looks hungry here
them: everyone has the opportunity to bring themselves up by their bootstraps. there isn’t one person on this planet who can’t work to provide for themselves adequately		capitalism: https://t.co/ugL0OPQ6e6 https://t.co/IOi9RCo72g
@SeanMcElwee @ConradPolloi but no ones demanding north carolina redraw their horrifically and unconstitutional gerrymandered lines they're using ....
@flugennock whelp gotta follow u then clearly u know whats goin on.
hmmm https://t.co/wxKxaF3Ue6 https://t.co/188YliaO1A
@NewIlluminatus yep
them: it’s against capitalisms best interest to utilize slavery		capitalists: https://t.co/w0AdMHVBnH
i mean... https://t.co/rbTf8uD2zc
it's 2046 and Mark Zuckerberg has just declared himself a king. We are back to feudalism lads.
them: old people are all conservative because they get more intelligent as they age duh		reality: https://t.co/CENbmqq7XT
british people inevitably: aren’t you glad we’re not like americans are towards immigrants aren’t you glad we’re actually good to immigrants… not everyone is that orange cheeto lol		the uk towards immigrants: https://t.co/pCXV3RXfQL
yall remember that north carolina ….. had gerrymandered lines so bad that the supreme court told them to change it		yeah well they didnt so this election is going to you know ….. be rigged https://t.co/bfxOeqc7yv
@btshampton2018 😡😡😡😡
sending people to prison in order to get their student loans forgiven is criminalizing poverty. the act of sending someone to prison for debt makes lacking money the crime.
students should have the ability to be more involved in the politics of the education system, especially minors within k-12 public education. we're trying to teach people without figuring out how to ask how they learn. ridiculous.
them: why are people so stressed out about student loans in america? it’s not that big of a deal		americans: https://t.co/JWbkglFifu
@AdumB_456 8(
requiring a medical card for weed is literally just saying you can only legally smoke if youve got money.
@ArtDifficulty youre right im sorry.
@ArtDifficulty you👏are👏valid👏if👏you👏eat👏pizza👏with👏or👏without👏bones👏 finally i dont have to put anymore clapping emojis. that was a nightmare.
hey consider the following images https://t.co/DIqmxmXNDD
@ergo_praxis thanks for sharing im going to read more about it
Even if theoretically say capitalism was the natural way of things, it isn’t but suspend your disbelief. We are beyond doing shit naturally, if it’s detrimental to folks we should aim to change it and not inhibit ourselves based on faux ontological truths.
@Jim_sees @WhiteHouse thanks jim, insightful as always.
@Sheep2Wolves @alligatorcowboy @WhiteHouse I MEAN.... YOU'RE NOT WRONG.
@dean_duckworth @WhiteHouse well I'm glad it has served you well sir.
@dean_duckworth @WhiteHouse That's where the basic math comes from, you can control for "cream rising" and get a general idea of the whole.
@dean_duckworth @WhiteHouse I mean I can quantify their success via income increases directly proportional to their strikes, it's just basic math.
@alligatorcowboy @WhiteHouse https://t.co/62MotmCgfn
@dean_duckworth @WhiteHouse Absolutely incredible.
@dean_duckworth @WhiteHouse Thanks, I strive to be as intelligent as you are one day.
@dean_duckworth @WhiteHouse I don't see them protecting you though 8( 	you should sue.
hmm... https://t.co/OPCe8k71nz
@Jim_sees @WhiteHouse Oh yeah I'm sorry I forgot the american government loves unions and hates corporations thats 100% what our president is about isn't it. thanks for setting me straight jimsees. you really see it dontcha
@joncollins_ @WhiteHouse Yeah it's very clearly not in any unions best interests to support the folks that have been trying their damndest to completely rid the earth of them.
@WhiteHouse when have yall union busters ever celebrated the american workforce
@Slate so who is gonna get voted off first
our labor day celebrations are as hollow as america's elite claiming concern for laborers in the first place while they're out here union busting blatant and unabashedly.
pythagoras was a jock, proving the jock/nerd dichotomy to be false.
@NewYorker like we can show https://t.co/fEhzj5fFBM three people hold more wealth than the bottom 50% of the population in the usa... that's just the usa, the world gets even more drastic.
@NewYorker wealth inequality is an even bigger issue than income inequality but all anyone ever wants to talk about is income inequality but the truly rich don't make their money based on income that's all wealth bay-bee
straight adult: my 3 month old is definitely going to be the wife of my best friends 3 month old. 	straight adult: my best friends 3 month old is a lady killer.	9 year old: i'm gay	straight adult: how would u know tho are u even old enough?
democrats naming shit after john mccain: we will replace the war criminals of the past's names with the war criminals of a more modern time!
media: THIS CELEBRITY RUINED HER CAREER	me: how	media: by getting old and what we consider ugly	me: oh yeah, because being a nazi, a pedophile, or a rapist isn't going to end a career in hollywood 	me: my bad, i forgot.
being against universal healthcare is so selfish. if you have the ability to save an innocent life while yours is not threatened why then would you choose to make money over saving their life? 🤔
you will find without a doubt capitalism IS genocide. when we intentionally let the poor die, as we do, ... from goods we have in abundance that is an intentional mass killing ergo genocide.		you cannot support capitalism and be against genocide it's definitionally contradictory. https://t.co/efOludK2XL
anyone who dies from the artificial scarcity concocted by those in power, be it from lack of food, water, housing, etc. died in a genocide built around capital worship.
when your primary concerns are that of private capital how dare you paint yourself in imagery of the public.
@ADrunkenFoolBr i feel u.
@Cracked_Egg_DB capitalism is genocide.
usa: how about we make it so poor people have either limited to zero access to insulin?		doctors: don’t we have enough resources to provide for everyone in need of insulin?		usa: yes!		doctors: isn’t that genocide		usa: YES		usa fist pumping and chanting ‘U’ ‘S’ ‘A’: https://t.co/zyaeUdAwgt
@ADrunkenFoolBr omg i didnt think u were a jackass once 8(
them: we need to remember what happened historically	me: just say u want a participation trophy and fucking move on.
@ADrunkenFoolBr https://t.co/Mb1gSh3vwK
workers: we haven’t seen proper wage rises in decades … we have terrible work benefits, we work horrific hours and i can go on		the white house: The Trump administration “has taken historic action to advance prosperity for the American worker.”		workers: https://t.co/HH2g3eDo7J
@Marxism_Wokeism liberals: no trust us, we know how to rebel! we know how to protest! we know how to organize!		me: ok lets see what u got		liberals: "going to john mccains funeral is rebellion"
top stories are all about john mccain right now. i’d rather die than read them. just imagine .. everyone is going to be doing this same exact shit for kissinger in a bit. fuckin slap in the face is what that is.
@Williamkellehe4 soon.
if marxists truly controlled as much as the alt-right thinks marxists control ... i'm pretty sure we'd be able to revolt right about now.
@AdumB_456 i'm pretty sure it's not real.
man who self-identifies as pro-lifer furious in twitter chats over toddlers getting to eat three meals a day.
betsy devos says she won’t block schools from using federal money to buy guns … 		but she will block schools from using federal money to you know … feed.. teach.. enrich … the children they’re caring for.		fuckin incredible.
verizon: we're going to throttle your firefighter's cells while they're working in the biggest fires in california history 		california: whelp we just passed the strongest net neutrality laws in the country 		rich californians: this is going to kill business 		leftists: https://t.co/PJbvojNene
public welfare [food benefits, health benefits, etc] at this point is effectively another form of corporate welfare with the way it's being used. 	the system is not trying to provide for the poor, it's attempting to allot corporations cheaper laborers.
@AdumB_456 yikes
you cannot attack a fascist unprovoked, for fascism is innately provoking. their very ideology is the death of many.
when old ladies compliment my clothes i'm always super stoked about it.
i think when a certain level of harm is being done it's childish to be more concerned about what the person actually believes over what they're actually doing.
america shocked by collusion is possibly one of the greatest ironies of modern comedy.
for all their complaining about burdening tax payers conservatives sure do love to shift corporate expenses onto tax payers.
@Marxism_Wokeism the one where conservatives only pretend to give a shit about undercutting laborers if they can pretend it's an unnecessary burden on tax payers. they don't actually give a shit about undercutting laborers tho.
the only time republicans pretend to give a shit about capitalists underselling laborers is when they can claim it's an unnecessary burden on taxpayers. they're not really concerned with the ethics of undercutting laborers tho.
ICE kills toddlers. under no context is this ever acceptable.
if the difference between your ability to leave your country and being forced to stay in your country hinges entirely on how much money you have it shouldnt be a law.
usa invading another country: we heard u had nukes	everyone: don't u have nukes usa?	usa: i mean yeah, but we're the usa lol. we don't want other countries thinking they can just invade whoever they want whenever they want because they have a couple nukes.
them: we need nukes to balance the power	me: so ur okay with __ having nukes	them: no i mean only the usa should have nukes to balance the power
@XXVmusic yepp........... it's always disproportionately violent towards the poor.
i think the thing i'm most shocked about living in phoenix arizona now is the fact that all the corner stores have fresh produce ... i ain't never seen that in rural oregon or rural michigan i can tell u that much
@XXVmusic definitely. the only people parking tickets ever hurt are the poor, the rich are gonna park where ever they damn please it's not like 50-200 dollars is going to be anything to them.
everyone hates capitalism, but not everyone is willing to admit it.
people are more shocked and appalled a grown ass adult police officer would get consequences for murdering an innocent black teenager unjustly ... than the fact that he fucking murdered an innocent black teenager unjustly.
if you can commit a crime and the only penalty thereafter is monetary ... it's classist. i don't care if there are adjustments, i don't care if their are monetary ratios based on the people's incomes or wealth ... it's always going to be classist. there's no way you can remedy it
cash bail systems as punishment for crime while one waits for trial in america are notoriously classist. the law is literally stating “you can commit the crime and wind up without consequences if you can afford it.”
so finally the state of california recognizes cash bail as a classist system put in place to allot the rich rule breaking based on wealth status.
@AdumB_456 currently i'm talking about this woman whose platform is built on getting more women in the military and everyones losing their shit about how progressive she is bcuz she's a republican in arizona.
apparently all it takes to get called progressive is to name drop some marginalized identity to forward the status quo.
i wish it was more socially accepted that people need time to master new skills. but a capitalist society cant control people who know they can simply learn a new skill and move on. allowing them to constantly undersell laborers.
so where were all the people claiming we must always respect the dead when osama bin laden died? saddam hussein? kim jong-il? 		just curious have vapid your moral system is.
1/3rd of all fundraisers online are for medical expenses. and yall are still donating to michael cohen.
@psychdr100 @godliveshere206 based on made up lies. got it. cant say im surprised.
rich ass michael cohen is thanking gofundme donors while poor people asking for medications and life saving surgeries are completely ignored. great cohen, i'm sure you'll find so much to do with this money on top of your 1 million dollar salary.
@lottiesnips youngin !
RT @imraansiddiqi: That’s actually pretty damn racist. https://t.co/w9g4daS0Wz
@brithume @amyjojohannson comparatively most honest thing hes done
having a john mccain joke contest on the blog and... https://t.co/dnmTLozCuL
its really not cool that those constructing genocides get to die of old age.
do henry kissinger next while youre at it.
karl marx victory jorts on sale
the stark drop in quality of the same exact chain store streets over from a wealthier neighborhood shows even when the poor have access to similar things as the rich it’s never the same quality the wealthier have grown to expect
@angelarfields1 @AdamSchiffCA @hmcgetanker sorry im not as big brained as you.
@angelarfields1 @AdamSchiffCA @hmcgetanker u mad angela?
@InfidelSteve_ @AdamSchiffCA @hmcgetanker i guess when you're an ostrich you can say whatever you want and will yourself to believe it.
@InfidelSteve_ @AdamSchiffCA @hmcgetanker i just told you, it's not my fault you don't understand the law and how it works.
@BrittPonset move if my freedom of speech offends you 😏
@GameBuddy yes. 100%
@InfidelSteve_ @AdamSchiffCA @hmcgetanker off the top of my head?	- 87 Russian Contacts with the Campaign	- 37 Indictments	- 8 Guilty Pleas	- 8 Instances of Lying Under Oath	- 3 Back-channels to Putin	- 1 Attorney Pleading Guilty	- 1 Campaign Chairman Convicted
i use protect lightly.
okay I just want to bring to your attention how fucked up it is that we're now overtly relying on capitalists to protect our elections https://t.co/L5sdYFFpbA
rudy giuliani: Americans Would Revolt If Trump Gets Impeached		leftists: https://t.co/87afgxeyMO
no one rejects welfare more than the already poor, who are so embarrassed to be seen as needing extra help they would rather suffer. a starkly different attitude is held by the rich, especially when taxes are involved.
medicare: how can we screw people over massively? 	us government: how about you make the copay higher than the actual price of the drugs you’re selling 	medicare: GENIUS
@AdumB_456 yes!
https://t.co/IvNhlA3jr0
you have to take a stand against deportation as a whole. you can't just pick and choose when the state should have access to such malevolent violence.
@BBCNews meanwhile schools in the usa are like: https://t.co/JV3HWq4iSl
@AdamSchiffCA @hmcgetanker yeah he's gotta run the investigation himself because he's the only person who wont turn on himself when faced with the overwhelming proof of illegal activity.
1 person: dies in a country not calling itself capitalist	neoliberal: this is why capitalism is the only thing that can work, look at how this person died, absolutely tragic. I just really care about human life, thats why we must make a huge deal about this it's not hypocritical,
capitalism: murders hundreds of millions every single year without fail	neoliberal: you see like they were just lazy and had to go like it's not capitalisms fault that capitalism murdered them and that they wouldn't have died had capitalism not been the commonly accepted ideology
america: murders over 250,000 people in the name of capitalism	neoliberal: no you see the vietnam war is different we're trying to liberate them
all of these men are out here saying mollie tibbetts is to blame for her own murder and we're going to pretend this is a problem with immigrants? give me a break, men will do so much to avoid facing responsibility for the structure of misogyny they build and enforce.
i'm just throwing this out there but deportation is literally never the answer and it will never be the answer, regardless of who is being deported. that goes for anyone. its a method of violence currently reserved for the state, a power they should not have.
them: capitalism isn’t so bad, it’s not like capitalists want people to die, they need people to buy their goods!	capitalists: https://t.co/0q9wjOpXyK
peasant of ye olde days: we can't have presidents haven't you heard of the divine right of kings		people of today: we can't have communism haven't you heard of human nature???
@DawnsBread we are the same age
@DawnsBread my childhood. they might be giants were everywhere.
@AdumB_456 what happened?
then add in the fact that these doctors are the very people from the upper class viewing the poor with such disdain.
everything poor people do to maintain their health is seen as frivolous extravagance by the upper classes
it's considered a grave social more breach when you go to the ER or see a doctor for something you're pretty sure wont kill you immediately.
poor people are quite literally expected to shorten their lives, and worsen their quality of living instead of asking for help to alleviate their pain and suffering.
i know youtube’s race to the bottom is a shitty example of capitalism ruining creativity, but i’m not going to complain about it leading to logan paul’s inevitable 🤞 ass kicking tomorrow.
yall i understand not enjoying our healthcare system, but taking away medicaid/medicare completely is literally worse than it just being inefficient and not robust enough. you're going to have to come up with a better idea that doesn't involve killing millions of people.
@hijabikathy they just want to get more overt again
RT @hijabikathy: @grapholect Actual reality they never stopped.
them: capitalism is so perfect it doesn’t need to fight to maintain itself. every time an attempt at socialism in any capacity has popped up capitalists have minded their own business until that society fell by itself		reality: https://t.co/tJ9PuNUOIM
@businessinsider i mean the race to the bottom exists on pretty much any social media platform. the wildest takes on twitter and tumblr and reddit are all going to get the most attention. good or bad anyone who does anything with social media knows you have to be extreme to make it.
@cherry10k @rajmathai the articles i've read about it say no one got hurt and no damage was done to the factory and so on
them: luxury clothing brands have to be that expensive because they're so rare and hard to make that theres never enough to go around	luxury clothing brands: https://t.co/MX8SE7gaXa
men getting in arguments with women on here have two modes:	1) you're an angry irrational feminist and i hate you	or 2) sweetie you're just too young to understand.
with all the illegal shit going on how can they in good faith keep anyone from the trump administration in power and then go ahead and claim they care about justice
@CBSNews and donald trump claims he's the one targeted by an alleged witch hunt. absolutely incredible.
donald trump thinks you should be arrested for telling the truth if the truth speaks out against him. https://t.co/rSieEEezdy
@RawStory hmm i'm just throwing this out there but isn't this something famous fascists tryn say you know that you shouldn't turn against them, the state, the nation, even if the nation is in the wrong.
@verge this is a terrible idea and obscenely ostentatious.
@NBCNightlyNews and trump claims the witch hunt is directed at himself.
verizon: we've got americas most reliable 4g lte networks just not for firefighters.
@XXVmusic yeah you think?
them: i dont care how poor you think you are you shouldn’t beg for money online because someone always needs that money more than you.		me: save it if michael fucking cohen can get donation money then so too can the starving and the sick.
every time i tell people i want to get in shape they tell me i'm not fat. like .. yeah i know.. but i want to run the mile faster like got dang. is everything about weight to u?
us government: what could possibly happen when we remove net neutrality? yall worry too much.		verizon rubbing their greedy hands together: no one will be able to contest our actions		verizon: https://t.co/WhQyBv9o68
verizon throttles firefighters trying to save people, animals, and forests. and we're out here like "wow getting rid of net neutrality sure was a great idea that fucking no one wanted to happen at all"
how many times do employees have to say their employers are anti-union before anyone believes us?
this is the worst thing ive ever read. have a terrible day. https://t.co/G8AWz06DvQ
republicans before donald trump was elected: HILLARY CLINTON DOES ILLEGAL THINGS THATS WHY SHE SHOULD NEVER BE PRESIDENT. we need someone with a clean slate like donald trump		republicans after donald trump was elected: https://t.co/df1iSvuaXB
@thehill comedy really does write itself huh?
I don’t know whats funnier about this headline from fox news: that it’s true, that they call it outrageous, or that they’re trying to play it like millennials don’t understand history when if you understood a modicum of US history you would come to the same conclusion. https://t.co/2Y5k3ZRWlC
@_ryannyman we must try!
pretty fucking sad that joe biden who made it illegal for people to declare bankruptcy on their student debts is leading trump in the polls and is generally heralded as some fantastic progressive because he’s compared to literally donald trump		when your standards are underground
@XXVmusic poll closing....... i can go on for a long time.
@XXVmusic it's when you enact a law have infrastructure that exists in a way that inhibits people's ability to vote. 	see: voter ID laws [where you can't vote unless you have an ID] or.... you can't vote for someone unless you put that you were a member of their party. gerrymandering
love how politicians are using one oppressed group to marginalize another. georgia closing down all its polls in areas that consist of mostly black voters and claiming it's just because polling places don't comply with some disabilities act like shut the fuck up. u never cared.
voter suppression is so normalized in the usa that americans don't even notice voter suppression laws for what they are. we just consider it a fact of life. 		folks from other countries lookin inward are always shocked when I tell them about common laws here regarding voting
@ValkyrieLadyK god i wish that were me
i like how when jeff bezos donates money it just comes from his customers so he didn't actually spend any of his own anyway
how fucked up is it that we care far more about tax evasion than pedophilia? I bring this up because I know someone who works for the IRS and she says her primary job is to catch pedophiles and rapists evading their taxes because thats the only way they ever get jailed.
@Garrodactyl mathematicians are always dramatic messes imo. which is why theyre always huge inspirations.
literally anyone: heres the highly illegal shit i witnessed and participated in with trump	donald trump: it's not illegal, i'm the president	the news: oh well, he says he's the president so it must not be illegal yall
cantor was honestly such a mood. he's this famous mathematician right. came up with the continuum hypothesis anyway every time people would try to discredit his work he'd take it as a huge personal offense and go into depression spirals.
@cauboidoespasso 💅 so whats your point
me on my deathbed: no u don't understand i grew up as a poor american we don't go to the hospital when we're dying we just die.
the fact that the big bang theory is still going strong is proof of some of the deeper mistakes we've made as a general civilization.
@DawnsBread episode 33 shippuden
how many people do they need to say trump is a crook and how much proof do they need of it before they believe it and see reason
@_ryannyman they also got syrup tho
@8ALTON8 check it out https://t.co/AhHjWeYk9B
@8ALTON8 it actually get better did you see the ending of it?
in michigan they fly the canadian flag, they use canadian money, they have tim hortons for gods sake, what else do you need as proof that michigan is republican canada
@8ALTON8 hey it's my blog 😎
grimes: oh yeah elon has special encryptions no ones gonna be able to see these text messages	azealia banks upon screen shotting the conversation: thats nice
@DailyMirror it says they only had to wait three hours.
@DailyMirror oh nooo whatever will they do
@ElBastardo84 @CNN only because they bought youcaring this year 😔
@TheEconomist “punish them more instead”
@CNN how do we send him money tho
@NewYorker absolutely incredible headline. thank you clickbait artists.
i love how it's seen as acceptable for a police officer to knowingly come up into some old lady's business while shes mindin her own, fucking scare her, not speak her goddamn language, and fucking tase her, and still come out as the goddamn victim.
listen here scrubs, i've never typed a thing properly in my life and i will never learn.
if you're so fucking scared of things that literally no regular human being would consider a threat then don't work in goddamn public safety. 		consider that you're contribution to the safety of the public.
rich people looking at a poor person buying a single chocolate bar with snap benefits: WHEN WILL THE DECADENCE END?????
no ones a bigger fucking snowflake princess than the goddamn police who are out here beating up old ladies and children because they fear for their life 		lmao yeah i bet you're so scared with your big gun and big boots and big muscles. they seem like real big threats to you eh?
@XXVmusic its on sale u see.
corporations tryn to trick me: YOU GET A FREE TACO with purchase of $500 blimp on sale.
im just throwin this out here but whenever a corporation fucks up get all the goods out of them you can because they can afford it but do it politely because the employees are people who deserve respect.
@the_Neb @GOPLeader @jack @IngrahamAngle absolutely incredible	and true.
wow arent yall glad the police are around to do what they do best https://t.co/7uS4CYg9vG
@Brenda73Steele @DawnsBread @FoxNews i believe you just did the same. very interesting turn of events.
RT @grapholect: @FoxNews wow we should demand the FDA deregulate some more right fox news? cause isn't that what trumps been up to? you kno…
@FoxNews wow we should demand the FDA deregulate some more right fox news? cause isn't that what trumps been up to? you know? further deregulating standards we have for foods? what could possibly go wrong?
twitter where you can watch politicians show they're no different than you via arguments they're having with each other.
@GOPLeader @jack @IngrahamAngle kevin: stop the bias that I myself create 😢
@GOPLeader @jack @IngrahamAngle kevin mccarthy: my own settings that i chose myself censored something that i claimed i didn't want to see. 😢
elon musk: I pay my workers great what would a union do!		me: i’m just throwing this out here but union members provably make more money than non-unionized workers. nice try.	https://t.co/gHzULlw9kI
@randomizedrock amazing. absolutely incredible. thats what all my followers are saying they did. i love it.
corporation: but if there aren't dying children how will I use the aesthetics of their suffering to guilt people into buying my garbage they don't need??? don't you see!!! it's in our best interest that children are dying preventable deaths!
but because it's lawless he got harassed so bad i'm p. sure he deleted cause i can't find his tumblr anymore
tumblr is so fucking lawless that even alex jones knows he wont get kicked off of it despite being removed from every other major social media website.
@stellacastor whend you work there? I think I started in 2013 before they started getting heat from the news for all their anti-union shit in the training process.
@stellacastor YOU KNOW. YOU. KNOW. They also you know test you repeatedly on if you remember all the anti-union bullshit on the computers next to the TV at least where I worked lmao
it doesnt matter how successful you are ... no matter what capitalism will always make you feel inadequate.
shout out to when i told people that walmart had anti-union propaganda in their introduction videos for new workers in michigan because I've you know worked there before and fucking seen them ... and everyone called me a liar lmao
walmart: we don’t stop unionizing we would never. the people just don’t want to unionize! it’s because we’re fair and balanced		also walmart: https://t.co/t8BZzoUV5W
@Forbes https://t.co/Rlahefnwat
how fucked up is it that corporations utilize starving childrens plight to sell their shitty food all the while throwing out and destroying billions of dollars worth of food they could be giving to the children they allegedly concern themselves with anything for a profit amiright
@Anarchoadam2 it kills me every time lmao
corporation throwing out billions of dollars worth of food: and if you buy one of our frozen meals we’ll donate 1 cent to end child hunger.
@Slate time to go back to bed and pretend this article wasnt written.
melania trump: we should have an antibullying campaign		donald trump: babe please i made my career out of bullying. please. hang it up.
@thehill cant have her preventing him from doing his job of course.
@FoxNews @SenatorTimScott im pretty sure the whole world already knows anyway like have you been outside
@macabremommy https://t.co/t2hjNuVeBZ
@macabremommy did u decide this yesterday lol
@macabremommy yes
donald trump: farmers are doing great	reality: the data says theyre doing bad donald. please. 	donald trump: arent you sick of fake news that calls me out on every lie ive ever made
@business better watch out before you get called fake news with this one.
id like to take a death day https://t.co/1EAHlyg6rD
@peakcapitolism youre lying shut up.
@MartinSA1994 @clairlemon you really don’t know... do you?
@MartinSA1994 @clairlemon a goal of nation abolition is incompatible with nationalism being integral to ones ideology. but you dont know one way or another when it comes to politics huh? disappointing.
@MartinSA1994 @clairlemon and the mass murdering neoliberals? who are neither extreme right nor extreme left? what of kissinger? lmao. apparently history is a convenience for you and not a reality.
@clairlemon oh damn you didnt know horseshoe theory was a meme? unfortunate for you.
@newscientist us society: were more productive than weve ever been before 		capitalists: but what if you were more productive via harsher means
them: we’re not a productivity obsessed society		society: https://t.co/WLz0iNUcZe
if youre going to shoot up a school because you got rejected you wouldve done it regardless of the type of rejection. to blame the singular person that rejected the shooter ignores the entire system put in place that made him think that was an acceptable reaction to rejection.
obsession with productivity only leads to being productive for productivities sake instead of generating something actually meaningful to yourself and the world.
republican disagreeing with literally anyone with literally any political affiliations: yeah, a communist would say that.
the littlest shit pisses you off as a poor kid. you see a friend with new tennis shoes while you've been wearing the same ones you were told you'd grow into for 3 years? u get real heated.
great idea: political fanfiction about real life written in the style of my immortal.
RT @grapholect: @JuliaDavisNews republicans: we're nothing like fascists	also republicans: hey so if you ever criticize us politically we'r…
@JuliaDavisNews republicans: we're nothing like fascists	also republicans: hey so if you ever criticize us politically we're going to ruin your life.
@Newsweek pretty funny that mccarthyism is cannibalizing the right.
@NBCPolitics u can say capitalism, it's okay
literally everyone who uses a social media website: this social media website fucking sucks and i hate its owners
them: the news doesn’t call anything they want communism, they need to have a good reason first		the news two seconds later: https://t.co/aR4MY3rOZC
RT @_ryannyman: @grapholect ... and if you spend time in a hobby and aren't looking for ways in the future to possibly monetize your hobby,…
you'd think the way people adamantly defend capitalists by saying their practices aren't as horrible as workers claim them to be ... would you know actually care when faced with the truth that things are that bad lmao. but here we are: they deny to the death.
i think the funniest interaction i had on this website was when someone asked me if I was really working class. absolutely fucking incredible.
https://t.co/4xeUM6RX9O
capitalism is really out here making people feel like no matter how productive they are it's never enough. This is in part why we're far more productive in capitalist terms than our grandparents or great grandparents. we don't quit because we are afraid to.
i mean it should make sense why kids in abusive homes would like violent video games where they're the hero saving people in their minds, or finally have the power to win against their enemies–unlike in the home where they're helpless.
every high school should have a class that teaches parents how to apply for fafsa for their kids. it's not enough, but it's the bare minimum
@tehrangerfan yeaaaah lmao right????
@tehrangerfan $5? its a couple cents here
it's cheaper to buy packaged ramen than literally every ingredient it would take to recreate it. cooking from scratch is a luxury most cannot afford.
i feel like a lot of girls who like dudes are so focused on trying to be the perfect girlfriend they don't even care about the quality of guy they're dating
billionaire debating whether or not he should publicly identify as a republican or a democrat: hmm.. if i identify as a republican i get tax cuts ... but ... if i identify as a democrat i get a bunch of fans to fight people off twitter for me
person: im learning mathematics so i can properly read statistics	Ben Shapiro: https://t.co/4QxurxHEnb
them: at least capitalism doesnt kill anyone unlike communism. checkmate lefties	capitalism: https://t.co/BE9aF1qcj9
@TheEconomist wow i sure do love capitalism and you know its fantastic impact on humans.
men on twitter either call women sweetheart or cunt. theres no in between.
@KevinJa35040557 @washingtonpost like when elon musk did acid?
@AYRIFEEKUN @washingtonpost you do realize they came here illegally and then committed mass genocide. is that why everyones afraid of immigrants. because of white colonialism? because of past transgression glorified.
@SS_Zyga @washingtonpost shit i guess no white people should be free then.
@Reuters republicans frantically googling how to get russians to intervene
@washingtonpost land of the free am i right
not everyone has access to a library. my home towns entire county clised down every sibgle library. it was hell.
@peakcapitolism i feel you. im trying to write a gay horror book thats you know a horror book scifi shit not just. heres my coming out story copy pasted 100 times.
can we have gay media where being gay isnt its only plot point.
@latimes https://t.co/aos6j1Icd5
@TheMustardMan4 @Marxism_Wokeism &gt;implying it doesnt already happen to us
@Marxism_Wokeism the gift that keeps giving.
@cmdwiz looks like it was soaked in nyquil
@DawnsBread ?
you know elon and grimes targeted azealia because they didn't think anyone would defend her afterwards.
you can only wear tesla booty shorts if you buy acid from elons dealer first tho.
them: wow rap is just so misogynistic, which is why i only listen to pop punk	blink-182: I NEED A GIRL THAT I CAN TRAIN	me: https://t.co/PABsG10EcT
@kulturalmarx @BlairRhys environmentalists: what about all the resources we've left to rot, waste, decay. what about all the resources we just throw away or purposely destroy because no one would buy them		america: shut up commie
when the troll tries to misgender you but ends up gendering you correctly.
@CBSNews @OMAROSA so ..... the proof of donald trump being racist in the news is coming down to whether or not he said a slur ... instead of you know ... his racist policies that have gotten people killed or destroyed their lives, families, etc
so ..... the proof of donald trump being racist in the news is coming down to whether or not he said a slur ... instead of you know ... his racist policies that have gotten people killed or destroyed their lives, families, etc.
antifa: we need to stop white supremacists from advocating their hate		white supremacists after months of counter protesting: we are too afraid to show our faces in public		moderates: see there never was a white supremacy problem in the first place		also white supremacists: https://t.co/uCVbWht1f4
@BrainshockZeta lmao i weep for your plight in Knowing about reddit.
Drug addicts deserve food, they deserve medical attention, they deserve housing. I don't care if they test positive. Such trivialities shouldn't dictate a person's death.
@BrainshockZeta i dont know shit about reddit unless someone tells me i've been on it. but i remember i said something like "drug addicts deserve food" or something to that tune and it got put up there and everyone was like "why is this here"
if a law is corrupt, unjust, immoral, then it must be broken.
them: elon musk is successful because hes a brilliant businessman who never makes mistakes. hes just out of our league in terms of intellect		elon: https://t.co/Omf2qK6Omc
@business @bopinion wow sounds like a guy really good at business.
your case of the mondays is a disdain for capitalism.
@stonerdameron that's capitalism babes.
make no mistake austerity isn't an economic fix, time and time again it's proven to fail, it's class warfare and it's calculated.
them: anyway i wrote this long paper on exactly how much these lazy millennials should be paying their parents in rent		me: u do realize people move in with their parents because they can't afford rent lol.
@electricfire89 the funniest part is ... cuba has shit like lower infant mortality rates than the usa so like saying cuba isn't even... a good refutation
i never had health insurance growing up i have it now but i'm still in the whole "i dont have health insurance" mindset so i'm always like literally dying and just here like "i'm overreacting give it a week and check back later"
@Deficit_Hawk @TheEconomist of goddamn course i am
@Deficit_Hawk @TheEconomist what the fuck do you think i am.
@usey0urbra1n @FoxNews yeah i know what you mean kinda like when people prioritize material possessions over actual humans.
@CNNPolitics all the hate none of the resigning.
@FoxNews there are homeless people.
unlike, of course, the rich who know how to get egregious tax cuts and government funding. https://t.co/byPeDrPats
@_ryannyman and the fact that they allegedly have to train them to do this should tell you all you need to know. but i worked st walmart and didnt find this to be the case at mine. every walmart is different though based and state and city laws
most poor people dont even know how to apply for state benefits. to pretend all poor people know how to have access is vastly ignorant when we compare the statistics of people poor or in poverty with people utilizing things like snap benefits.
@MTGPackFoils uhhh I think I saw you somewhere... and I was like "wow good take" and followed. but where and when I have no idea. I like "recent-ish" joined twitter and wanted to follow more people + stuff
@MTGPackFoils i love you.
@ultra_moderate @business I'd expect a take no less from the master of logic and reason, Good ol' famous ultra moderate.
@ultra_moderate @business and we should keep it that way 😘
is fucking an abacus against twitters terms of use?
@micah9251 you should run for office because literally no one is as good at politics as you are. you just have the spark you know.
@TheMailMan421 @ultra_moderate @business i fuck an abacus twice a day. keeps the doctor away, you know. thanks for the words of encouragement.
@micah9251 wow how high is your IQ, have you already been told you're a genius yet? like I've never seen someone break down politics this well before. You're a visionary.
@TheMailMan421 @ultra_moderate @business Nah I studied the math side of sociology, hence also studying math. I also did topology. The only sociology I did was number crunch. But go off I guess.
@ultra_moderate @business no one is as smart as you. you're just so fucking big brained. I congratulate you on getting this far in life. like it's amazing. I've never seen someone as smart as you before. Why aren't you already famous? you've gotta have a 200 IQ
@micah9251 antifa isn't a group. it stands for antifascist. but you know you're just so smart that why would you bother yourself with basic definitions? 😔
finally https://t.co/M27rLZLbBB
@TheMailMan421 @ultra_moderate @business Just admit you can't do basic math and run off.
@ultra_moderate @business yes because "antifascist" and "fascist" are the same thing. Wish I was as smart as you to decode that. 😘
@micah9251 keep going baby. I love to see that brain of your shine. It's just so much bigger than mine. uwu
@TheMailMan421 @ultra_moderate @business i study mathematics
@ultra_moderate @business I mean it is, but people are trying to stop it. There's an effort being made. Like we have to recognize fault to remedy it.
@micah9251 Thanks for sharing your wisdom. I've never met someone as smart as you. Really gets me goin. I love intelligent people like you. It's super hot. You're just so much smarter than everyone else on the planet. How do you survive with an intellect so great? Astonishing really. xoxo
@TheEconomist "if jeremy corbyn further sacrifices the working class he may just yet end up in control of the government" - the economist 		i mean you're not wrong but look what you're saying.
puerto rico: we have perfectly good schools with classrooms for children to learn in	Ricky Rossello, and the sec of Education, Julia Keleher: nah, close them down and shove the children in trailers.
@business proof that counter protesting works.
so there are perfectly fucking good schools and classrooms in puerto rico but you know what's happening ? https://t.co/YSXFEUYns6 they're shoving children into fucking trailers to learn despite the fact of classrooms FUCKING EXISTING.
@ValkyrieLadyK fuck that, it's genocide.
them: we don’t live in a dystopian society		the news ready to break the bad news: https://t.co/d1qpUeKJ8S
@spookperson "totally unacceptable and not at all out of the norm for people against fascism, only fascists are acceptable in my eyes" - jake tapper
Don't forget people still die due to curable illnesses because they can't afford their fucking copay. 		Insurance isn't the end all be all when it comes to saving lives, and to pretend having insurance is all it takes to stay alive is misguided at best.
capitalism turns people into fucking demons and the cops relish in it. think about it though, how often are you asked if you would kill your best friend for a large sum of money, harm a loved one for the same? how often are we fixated on how far we'll go for survival
RT @Alysonesque: A year ago this rally drew hundreds of open neonazis. Today it drew twenty. They admit it’s because they don’t feel safe.…
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews 😘 xoxo
@dboys13 i couldnt give less of a shit i'm not upset by basic bullshit like this. some of yall just got too much damn time on your hands
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews well stick with it.
@mashable segway light
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews LMAO RENE DESCARTES do you know any fucking branch of math outside of middle school math? just like curious. peter teichner? jacob lurie? anyone modern? anyone? no? great.
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews fuckin snowflakes.
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews sounds like you got a real chip on your shoulder. maybe you should chill and stop being so triggered by some random bitch on the internet writing a joke.
@post_civ bleh
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews maybe like... learn some math maybe it'll give you critical thinking skills you're in dire need of. it's good clean fun.
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews i like how you sling the term mindless while you yourself never choose to think outside of what you're told. very interesting.
even assholes deserve a defense against state oppression.
person letting the people in power do all the thinking for them: i'm a rebel who thinks for myself thats why my opinions perfectly mimics that of the status quo that adversely impacts me.
@Bonelesscakes @FoxNews poetry writes itself. https://t.co/Docqr1BZNe
@vivahate44 @FoxNews it says he made a move to kick someone, didnt actually kick them, before leaving maybe you should read the article.
@Anarchoadam2 @peakcapitolism i now bear the mark of cain.
capitalism makes people absolutely lose their fucking shit over a couple cents of soda being stolen from a multibillion dollar corporation.
@BrendaBarnhors1 @FoxNews a couple cents worth of soda is worth all this apparently
@C_Stansell @FoxNews montana
@conway2612 @FoxNews montana
@FoxNews so we're just tasing people who steal like a couple cents worth of soda now. great. i sure do love living here.
@peakcapitolism u have damned me. i can no longer pass on.
@lesbiskammerat 😔 "their job to the people"
journalists do their jobs challenge
if you're anti-antifa ... you're a fascist. 		if you're not a fascist, then you're definitionally not fucking anti-antifa. 		all antifa means is "anti-fascist" use your fucking heads people. 		goddamn.
@Anarchoadam2 "ive seen people who are ignorant as shit"
new challenge: news organizations use anti-fascist instead of scaremongering on the term "antifa" 		so people know damn well what the fucks going on.
news: abusive man denies allegations of being abusive	everyone: https://t.co/R0dhb5gT0n
we live in a world where people first sexualize childrens school uniforms and then blame said children for dressing provocatively if theyre sexually assaulted when they have no control over the uniform they wear to school or the assault they come to bear.
@MailOnline did they control for class and education level tho?
@bwitiye happy birthday!!! (it still is here)
@electricfire89 damn becky. fuck it up.
me listening to get low: wow really takes me back to 8th grade dances.
if a military is committing war crimes then they deserve to be exposed. they deserve to be betrayed. it is the only acceptable choice.
it use to be commonplace that everyone just knew their like birthday astrology sign shit but now everyone knows their sun and moon signs and i'm just sitting here playin in the dirt like an ignorant asshole who doesnt know shit.
libertarian: you should invest in bitcoin		me: https://t.co/DUw3nIB7f7
@Anarchoadam2 i guess thats probably why i like twitter more because i dont have as many eyes on what i say
lmao how fucking sad is it that we all kind of make jokes about our parents hating us	see: whenever we get insulted we're like "mom is that you" or "wow thanks dad"	lmao like we all have parents who fucking hate us
@Anarchoadam2 oHH NO THEYRE NOT. they dont delete accounts fucking everr you can get away with anything on tumblr. like i got 60k followers on tumblr and it's nonstop harassment from nazis and pedophiles and so on.
me: calls donald trump a doorknob once	twitter: that's dehumanizing speech and we're removing your account.
@Anarchoadam2 oh you think? whys that
@Anarchoadam2 its.... i cant spell and i'll never learn.
@Anarchoadam2 you're not wrong. but .... it does have it's upsides. they're really good about financing their communities when in need.
@tehrangerfan you're so positive i love it.
@Anarchoadam2 whats even worse is that this website is still better than tumblr the one i'm primarily on ... 😔
@Anarchoadam2 absolutely incredible website no faults i can find
me to the nazi that told me to kill myself: the world would be better without you		twitter: We just revised our policy on dehumanizing speech and have found you guilty of breaching it. your account will be suspended for the next month.
so twitters drafting some policy about "dehumanizing speech" not being allowed, and how much you wanna bet they're just going to go hard after all the marginalized people defending themselves.
@Anarchoadam2 8(
oh nooo now i have to continue using crocs offbrands like i was going to anyway. https://t.co/Zh9JIurCdV
saw eric andre tonight in phoenix. he got naked and made people drink ranch
me when people say they believe in me: fuck youuuu
the fact that we cant tell the difference anymore when journalists are being facetious should really tell you the fuckin quality of news we’re receiving.
alex jones: sling slurs, is generally horrible	football players: takes a knee to protest white supremacy and antiblackness	alt-right: between the two of these im going to support alex jones freedom of speech
do rich ppl think fresh produce doesn't expire or what
people are losing their lives getting caught up in and fighting the wildfires in california, but instead of helping donald trump would rather bicker about how wildfires work despite his complete and total lack of knowledge in this field while refusing to listen to anyone else.
california firefighters: hey, we've never complained about needing more water	donald trump: that's because you're ignorant and don't understand fires like I do.	california firefighters: yes, us who work with fires daily don't understand them unlike you and your 0 fire experience https://t.co/fXNXuZD50M
make no mistake, the fires in california are as bad as they are because of how politicians handled policies leading up to this fact.
justice system: we need to punish criminals for their wrongdoings	people: but arent you kind of just going around making up reasons to criminalize people which is why our prison population only increases instead of decreases proving you're either worsening or causing the problem
at the end of the day you have to decide whether or not you want to punish someone who commits a crime, or fix the fucking problem. Cause punishment for punishments sake ain't goddamn doin it and it never will
No officer should ever have sex with an inmate in prison, this shouldn't be a fucking controversial opinion. It's rape. Straight up. Under any context. It always is.
when your idea of health stems from aesthetics and not reality you too would probably mistake a bag of fruits as more healthy than a rounded out meal.
rich person who never donates unless they get paid for it by the government: maybe poor people should wait until they're more financially secure before they donate to someone else.
RT @grapholect: @BBCWorld them: when have capitalists ever hurt the people?	the news two seconds later: monsanto knowingly gave people canc…
@BBCWorld them: when have capitalists ever hurt the people?	the news two seconds later: monsanto knowingly gave people cancer
donald trump junior making fake poll numbers is out here like HOW DO I ROTATE TEXT IN MS PAINT https://t.co/lz1vzqx8iS
me writing satire: and in a shocking turn of events presidents own son spells country wrong.	the news before I hit enter: https://t.co/lIVmgi7N7w
yall want some trump approved asbestos? https://t.co/lt7ajKtvNa
the funniest part is that even in a doctored infographic made by donald trump jr. he knew he would suspend reality too much if he went over a 50% approval	which is to say even in the trumps fantasy land they aren't liked by the majority.
@DawnsBread was a lot of food
me: lmao donald trump can’t even get half the US population to support him		donald trump junior: look see my dads polled 50% in approval right now. this is all official. you don’t know what you’re talking about		two seconds later: https://t.co/yOg1ggSL66
which is to say no capitalism didnt invent whatever various technology you’re proud of. a person or group of people worked to make it happen.
an economic system cant truly give you anything. its a simple reification that takes name over the people who are creators, artists, innovators, etc.
@artheauxgf @KultureMutt @CACorrections 👏👏
@DawnsBread 🔫
@bryanbinaxas is the subject “healthy food isnt expensive” or is it “to be healthy”
@bryanbinaxas looks like a waste do you know how much ramen i could get for 11 dollars or are you just bad at math and cost per calories. 		l m a o next
poor person: i cant afford healthy food		some rich hipster: kale is 3 dollars		poor person: and what exactly am i going to eat this three dollar kale with? cause other ingredients cost money too. or did you take those for granted?
@nytimes “im a coward and always have been”
@CNNPolitics disconnect is a funny way to spell “doesnt give a shit” 		why even pretend he doesnt understand how grave the situation is		give me a break
the alt-right are whole ass out here claiming if their political ideology clashes with other political ideologies that theyre being silenced.
@carlxoxos @shutyourhell celsius
ya ever notice how the shit alt-right claims to be taboo and untalked about in society happen to be the literal only things major news networks cover. almost like these people have no sense of reality.
@ABC I mean when you never experience consequences ever in your life I guess you just feel entitled to continuing that lack of consequences.
why do we have to compromise in ideology tho. like practice is one thing but some of yall straight up think what we have right now is as good as it gets. terribly uncreative.
apparently it’s legal for cops to claim the have an arrest warrant and murder you. Now they don’t need an arrest warrant they just need a murder drive and a badge. #ArmandoFrank
RT @DawnsBread: @grapholect Um excuse me I follow your content for political views. Can you keep it that way thanks. https://t.co/jLDGdCedxz
@Anarchoadam2 i am allergic 😔
the predatory paycheck loans are so fucking insideous. promising the poor things we can never afford knowing well get sucked into their scheme. the only capital they have is ours.
im gonna die may as well enjoy life and drink taro smoothies
@Anarchymadame ya gotta
@macabremommy why how
@DawnsBread 😔
@MGKage you dont have to pay to register to vote.
paying for an id to vote is a poll tax so jot that down.
@KultureMutt @CACorrections gotcha. thanks for the info
@KultureMutt @CACorrections do you know why they called them youth ?
@macabremommy cant fuck
@macabremommy if u die im gon write a callout post about u.
@macabremommy u gotta come here friday or somethin and tell me about your week
@brjones146 jail is the set of punishment, anything jail does is a subset of said punishment. you cannot have perfect volunteering under a coercive set. it's basic math.
coerced volunteer .. what a fucking oxymoron.
@codehitchhiker @AtlanticFyoo @CACorrections gotcha
@codehitchhiker @AtlanticFyoo @CACorrections so stealing is worse to the state of california than physically endangering someone. going off your previous statement of larceny being excluded. absolutely incredible.
@brjones146 yeah, you don't really look like the type that would work at walmart and know what you're talking about. explains your response quite well. "advocate for children" what a joke.
RT @theJustinSuarez: @codehitchhiker @JPPolitix @grapholect @CACorrections CA corrections called them “youths”. Not sure what their definit…
@codehitchhiker @AtlanticFyoo @CACorrections if the demand isn't so high then why are we using prison inmates anyway? the demand cannot be that high if we're resorting to using inmates over people who aren't in jail
@codehitchhiker @AtlanticFyoo @CACorrections https://t.co/y1WpPh10g5 if thats true then how were all of these people chosen? 🤔
@codehitchhiker @AtlanticFyoo @CACorrections do you disagree that the law should be changed to allow people who have worked to protect millions from the dangers of fires to continue doing what they were trained to do if they so please
@queergem_ @codehitchhiker @CACorrections 8/ a shame. glad he'll be out though!!! 🤞
@queergem_ @codehitchhiker @CACorrections can I ask, do you know if your cousin will be allowed to be a firefighter upon release?
@codehitchhiker @AtlanticFyoo @CACorrections yeah it's strange that they would refer to 18-24 separately from adults ... then it must follow that they will not legally be able to work as firefighters upon release assuming there is a release as california forbids it.
donald trump: hey kids, lets start off this school year with some great school supplies, brought to you by my loosening regulations on safety! https://t.co/44LG6xuGvn
hey everyone, it's your boy, donald trump, back at you again with a health code violation.
donald trump: so i hear yall liked your salmonella i gave you right?		the us people: ... no		donald trump: great great, i have another surprise for you		donald trump: https://t.co/Vo3QPaRCHc
@macabremommy 2000 late
that sick joy you get when you block someone who desperately wants you to pay attention to them
@CACorrections at walmart it’s illegal for minors to operate the garbage compacter as it was deemed too dangerous. but yall find this acceptable?
man only ever seen defending nazis: i just really care about freedom speech. id uphold it for anyone.
so we have minors fighting in some of the worst fires in californias history as punishment for a crime as california increasingly relys on prison labor over volunteers after the federal government pulled funding from volunteers. https://t.co/stMFSbvRFU
@TIME and to think minors are fighting in these and getting paid $1.33 an hour for it.
16 year olds arent allowed to use a trash compacter when working at walmart as it was deemed too dangerous but they are allowed to fight forest fires
me getting an ugly free tshirt: im not going to wear this	me wearing the ugly shirt three days later: it was free
the fucking best thing about consequences happening to the alt-right is them pretending like the left has literally never dealt with any problems from corporations or the government
anarcho capitalists are like: if i can’t murder someone on my property then the government has gone too far	florida: so you’re cool with us right
@arahsky me neither tbh. whered it go???
RT @Anarchymadame: @grapholect Donald Drumf. Lol GOT EM
rich people looking at a war criminal: does this person deserve a nobel peace prize????????
one time i spent five hours explaining to a dude what rape was and at the end of it he understood and asked “why cant everyone do this?” buddy most ppl aint got 5 hours to waste on what should be basic knowledge.
watch out yall im about to come up with a sick nickname for donald trump that will impeach him instantly.
alternative headline: neo-fascists driven out of public place by anti-fascist activists. https://t.co/2trlVeLlox
republican looking at a minimal loss in dominance over the marginalized: is this oppression??????
dr frankenstein exclusively wore rick n morty shirts from hot topic. identified as rick kin.
@dontmars there should b 1
@dontmars wooowww id pay for a print
@Anarchymadame oh no doubt
@Anarchymadame its something like 1.33 an hour yeah.
california like “is your child unruly? have you thought about throwing them in coal mines? it’s hip! it makes $1.34 an hour! with this job your child can: die letting other miners know theres no oxygen around. great job experience!” https://t.co/sfO0zqNTwS
they have minors ... fighting fires as punishment for crime in california. i want you to think about that.
@DawnsBread r u d e.
@anarchyallday what if youre a jock nerd huh punk. meet me by the bike racks.
RT @peakcapitolism: what the FUCK https://t.co/IdBzwoR3Qi
@Anarchymadame lmao i just put this on my blog
absolutely incredible takes https://t.co/438ZcTbrIg
@AEmeliananko local citizen believes glasses generate intelligence. more at eight.
you cannot claim capitalism works, and claim that's what makes this world great, and then call any form of capitalism "not capitalism" if it makes you look bad lmao.
someone who thought about taking economics once in high school: listen, america isn't capitalist it's a mixed market lol.
them: capitalism is good	me: what about all these examples of capitalism being bad	them: no that's crony capitalism	me: what's that	them: it's whenever capitalism does something i dont like.
@realTomBloke tfw the richest capitalist company in the world gets called communist.
when alt-righters are scraping the bottom of the barrel for insults and they call the largest capitalist company in the world a communist.
@Anarchymadame 100%
it's honestly so annoying that the news has latched onto the term "antifa" and have completely managed to separate it from it's goddamn meaning "antifascist" and now they pretend it's a fucking organization when it's literally just what it says it is. antifascist.
donald trump literally can’t even shut himself up when it’s in his own best interest. incredible. but then again when you live life with no consequences why pretend they would ever arise.
donald trump: *spills ketchup on shirt*	trump supporters: wow, he's planning 20 steps ahead of all you, you just can't see where his plans going, why he intentionally did this, just to spite liberals.
the news: hey i heard yall were a bit down on account of all the bad stuff that happens		the news: so I’ve decided to give you some good news		the news: https://t.co/jyFY12PX9t
@dontmars death and pain
hmmm... seeing lots of injured counter protestors who were minding their own damn business in portland wheres all the injured nazis hmm? makes u realll curious where the portland police stand 🤔
when the police immediately assume the counter-protestors to literal fascists are going to be the problem they have told us which side they've chosen
RT @Anarchymadame: @grapholect https://t.co/UzOGiQ1MO9
poor people: DOWN WITH THE RICH. EAT THE RICH. 	rich people: what did the rich ever do to you theres nothing wrong with the rich one love uwu	same rich people, while pouring bleach over their excess food: police officers please destroy these peasants outside my business.
me trying to write satire for the onion: and in a shocking turn of events russia appointed actor steven seagal to represent us-russian humanitarian ties		the news before i hit enter: https://t.co/vuE5DDKfAW
RT @Anarchymadame: @grapholect The upper class will always support fascism over anti-fascist and more importantly anti-capitalist people.	S…
i guess if the news continues to pretend antifa is an organization and not a shortening of “antifascist” they can justify their increasingly negative coverage of them compared to their coverage of actual nazis.
so wheres all these rubber bullets being shot into the right wing bullshit in portland? wheres all the chemical weapons used? wheres all the police violence against these protesters... hmmm it's almost like ... the police treat them differently.....
@dontmars rly good
hmmmm https://t.co/ztbiHfQyQy
@Jezebel hmmm reminds me of this image https://t.co/QIS09nY7AH
we dont need to build more goddamn homes for the homeless, we don't need to build them little dog sheds for the city to remove. there are tons of available homes that we're pretending don't exist. and no I don't just mean empty homes owned by the wealthy.
exactly how productive is it to take away trumps agency calling him a child when he knows damn well who he wants to fuck over and he's doing everything in his power to accomplish it.
@CNNPolitics why does melania trump always look confused
tired: boomers v. millennials	wired: proletariat v. bourgeoisie
things that are measurable: income, wealth, education, access to food, access to housing, etc.	things that are not measurable: weird generational groupings that aren't even in similar increments that everyone argues about.
politicians: I LOVE THIS COUNTRY SO MUCH	politicians: that's why i want to change literally everything about it	me: sounds kinda like u hate it like the rest of us
@lottiesnips wild as hell
IT'S A CLASS WAR. NOT A GENERATIONAL WAR.
no ones claiming that social injustices are abolished but like to pin the lack of abolition on the failure of baby boomers is ridiculous because yall haven’t fucking ended social injustices either. why work against each other. elderly people are just as goddamn fucked as we are
baby boomer: i can't retire because i will literally die if I don't have a job due to diminishing safety nets and the rise of poverty		the news: BABY BOOMERS REFUSE TO RETIRE TO SPITE MILLENNIALS.
so hey @elonmusk what happened to helping out flint? 🔍👀
@Eric0Lawton rip
in a shocking turn of events local liberal learns there are more political ideologies than democrat and republican
them: baby boomers never did anything for this country, none of the elderly did	me: ... civil rights movement.	them: ..... ANYWAY.
I'm sorry but even if something works for even 51% of the population, theoretically, it still fucking sucks, because 49% of the population with numbers of these scales is strictly unforgivable.
leftists: hey uh ... the economic structure isn't working for the majority of the world, we're talking billions	capitalists: hmm.. have you tried turning it off and on again
@Anarchymadame dougs just trying to have a good time
hands down the funniest conversation i've ever had https://t.co/jtJ3MFOPci
@dash_kensington @Anarchymadame @SirSocialism @sam_fas_ it's called bootstraps doug. maybe you should have instilled good work ethics in your child. smh.
@dash_kensington @Anarchymadame @SirSocialism @sam_fas_ So you didn't give him diapers, food, or clothing? what a shitty dad. making your kid bootstraps himself up. fuckin wild. you'd think with all your years of experience you'd know how to raise a kid. alas.
@dash_kensington @Anarchymadame @SirSocialism @sam_fas_ 😏 sure, pudding.
because of internet explorer as a small child i thought internet was spelled "enternet"
@dash_kensington @Anarchymadame @SirSocialism @sam_fas_ I suspect you don't know shit but pretend you do to save face. It's okay, I'll let you take the superiority in this one because it appears you cannot handle reality. Tragic.
tell me how fucking frequently you hear for the calling of the elderly to no longer be able to vote. it's cannibalism of the poor and they goddamn well know it.
seriously tho blaming all baby boomers for socioeconomic decisions made by the ruling class is absurd and displaces where the blame should properly be appointed. youre going to tell me millennials like zuckerberg are innocent? give me a break.
the baby boomer/millenial dichotomy is socially constructed to garner anger for the elderly while conveniently ignoring a system continuously fucked by the capitalist class.
@maltyhops idk have you seen elon musks account. that boys a hoot. 😏
@worldbankhater it. knows. 😒
@dontmars Really good!!!!
@dash_kensington @Anarchymadame @SirSocialism @sam_fas_ doug out here like “i got mine and anybody else can fuuuuuck off” 		doug to an infant: why dont you just work harder and do more for yourself maybe then you wouldnt live in poverty lol.
them: why do you make so many obvious typos that you never correct until someone tells you	me: it’s the dyslexia 😔
@lottiesnips 8(
try baptising your baby in crystal pepsi
me: alright this is the best part of the song	friend: that was five seconds long	me: listen, it really slapped.	friend: do you listen to this song for those five seconds?	me, nervously sweating: no...
give up apple predictive emoji software you will never understand my use of emojis.
fox news doing a poll on exclusively fox news viewers: and as you can see 80% of americans think this bullshit that isnt true but were saying is true.
im gonna draw today maybe i'll make something real ugly to share with all yall so you can laugh at my inadequacy.
them: you know it's great that we can look onto the past and read what others have written and done to solve problems	me, fully raised in the public school system, slamming my head against the table: must do everything by self or else???
why do people even humor pedophiles and call them MAPS just call them a fucking pedophile, got dammn
we basically live post-scarcity when it comes to so many things, and yet people still die without the most basic of necessities despite our overwhelming ability to provide all with said goods.
me once a year on facebook: time to delete everything i've ever said up to this point
you work and you work only to have the fruits of your labor taken from you and thrown away. just to remind you that your time and the environment are both meaningless to the capitalist class
notwithstanding the sheer amount of shit we throw out or destroy that people actually do need, you know like food, water, housing. https://t.co/AYgKSwwotC
how much do we really need half the shit the world produces when it gets thrown out into the fucking ocean and landfills.
face it. many jobs in the usa are busywork to pretend capitalism works.
it’s difficult to inspire innovation when everyone is too busy working jobs they shouldn’t need to for hours longer than anyone ought to. all that inspires is complacency and exhaustion.
me, a 12 year old libertarian to my teacher: try reading atlas shrugged maybe then youll stop telling me to do my homework. if u cant handle it there are cliff notes.
@MDinCB1 @Alysonesque i struggle with the question as to why you do not follow your own advice and instead recommend high school level political discourse as your saving grace.
@Alysonesque me to someone better read than me: hey have u read clifford the big red dog if you cant handle the twenty pages you can read the clifford notes
this is a real picture of me when i play first person shooters https://t.co/yk3Ji7UmHB
@Alysonesque 🤔🤔🤔🤔
@lottiesnips WHO DOES THAT OMG
@GhostLenore mood
the politics fandom never stops smh. 😔
hail is crunchy rain
everything written about guy fieri just makes him sound like a really great dude. i hope this stays to be
RT @Cracked_Egg_DB: @grapholect  https://t.co/F7QXLKkAFR
someone i know i'm about to disagree with: human nature	me: https://t.co/Kd92IgHWh0
communist: says guns once	every democrat in earshot: so you're a republican now?
@Anarchymadame oh well, at least it's a short break from the anxiety of not being productive. l m a o		RIP
realizing i'm a workaholic and will be a fantastic cog in the leviathan. rip
i still think about the “it’s human nature to want infinite homes” thing and lmao i just remember learning in econ that people actually fucking hate too many choices 	https://t.co/XBmnJg6QDn
do yall think the rich feel this endless need to be productive 		why else would capitalists feel this need to keep accumulating wealth when they have more money than they could spend		this desire curated by capitalism is dangerous it destroys the environment and shortens lives
it’s socially constructed and embedded in our very infrastructure to prevent people from “taking a break” without the guilt of not producing.
it doesnt really matter what the world says is illegal if a nation manages to convince its people that it's normal. see: chemical weapons
them: did you hear betsy devos is fucking over students again...	me: yeah we should destroy her	them: ...	me: y....achts.............	them: riiight... we should destroy her	them: ...yachts
i hate my anons
https://t.co/PuBguISSPa
@maltyhops @mitchellvii hes too busy doing quick maths
the fact that changing your name to elon musk is more important to twitter and considered a much greater offense than than being a literal nazi is pretty fucked up.
i did itt https://t.co/XuxFxcwHEa
@smarmee omg thank you
when youre at a lesbian bar and theyre all your type bcuz women
@smarmee RIGHT? thats how I feel like... 60k fucking followers on tumblr and what good does it do me
@smarmee i love it way more than tumblr tbh
me when im trying new things: NOPE. THIS WAS A BAD IDEA
@smarmee oh shit you have a twitter too! i love your stuff from tumblr
i still have a hard time believing we live in the reality where 45 and up year olds with important positions in politics are calling literal children snowflakes as if it's some great and total insult that's going to completely wreck that childs life.	ya just sound like losers
me when tumblr is recommending me posts from my own blog https://t.co/A4RpWzPeZV
them: so whats your retirement plan	me: death
rich people are so out of touch when they start saying shit like "your parents didn't love you enough to spend money on you to send you to a private k-12 school"	no one has the fucking money for that.
people: we're starving and living in extreme poverty.	jeff bezos: i can't think of anywhere better to put my money than shooting giant wads of it out into space.
they keep moving the goal post of entitlement, now they're trying to convince people you're entitled if you don't want to walk 8 hours to work and 8 hours home every day.
infrastructures gonna be real hard to improve in traditionally cold areas with rapidly rising temperatures during their summers. it's at a point where these places must improve their infrastructure less they dont want their city functioning
oh an ant can lift something 10 to 50 times its bodyweight? yeah who cares I can lift things that are 10 to 50 times an ants body weight too💅
@hijabikathy : ( i am sorry
@lottiesnips military discourse thats on tumblr every single week at least.
it’s the worst kind of incredible how relatively small amounts of money can buy violence out of people.
every time it hit 90 the power would go out where I lived in michigan, then we'd be stuck with no electricity to power a fan, and no water to rehydrate. It's just not the same.
notwithstanding the fact that infrastructures in these colder climates, like canada, michigan, etc., they're built to withstand extremely cold temperatures, and much of the infrastructure doesn't account for extreme heats to the area. https://t.co/xaY6Z18YqC
everyones joking about people in canada and the uk, and other colder places dying from heat exhaustion, and like I live in phoenix arizona, but let me tell you having lived in an extremely humid climate 90f in humidity is hell, dry 90f in phoenix? much easier to live in.
not because they aren’t poor but because the way these people define poverty doesn’t exist in real life, because they refuse to face the truth of the reality we live in.
they do not care about living conditions of the poor		they have this idea in their heads who the poor are, and well under their vague definition the american people definitionally don’t fall into that category
at the end of the day you’re going to suffer for life regardless of the crime. this sadly means the poor and the vulnerable in prison for trivial things like marijuana possession are forced into poverty		they do not want their laborers [prisoners] free, they rely on this labor.
website: click here for 5 fun things you can do FOR FREE in your city	me: *clicks*	website: to access this page you must pay us!	me: ain't that just the way
literally anyone else: *commits a treason for whatever reason*		trump supporters: they should be punished to the full extent of the law, how dare you disrespect this country		donald trump: *commits treason*		trump supporters: https://t.co/3TvZptN0Q4
snowflake has gotta be the weakest insult I've ever heard.
it’s made so difficult to get a job once one is finally out of prison that it’s far easier to just get arrested and work for the prison system again as you did before.
US federal government: hey you know what we should do?		california: what?		us federal government: we should cut your funding so you’ll be hard pressed to afford enough firefighters		california: can we not do that		us federal government: too late		california: https://t.co/O7pY8DPEaq
cutting the funding and skimping out on tending to forests out in drought struck areas isn’t just damaging for the year those fundings were cut, it’s devastating for years. properly tending to forests all year every year is important in wild fire management.
@confusedophan shit u got me /s
peasant of ye olde days: we can't have presidents haven't you heard of the divine right of kings	proletariat of today: we can't have communism haven't you heard of human nature???
them: I’m sad		the news: I’ve got something that will really brighten your day		them: whats that		the news: :)		the news: https://t.co/2IpqJY7zkq
better watch out @Alysonesque they're gonna come for your username too
them: billionaires become billionaires through hard word and a strong sense of professionalism		elon musk: https://t.co/mtKYyn0bon
yall know it’s not even a little bit edgy or cool to call republicans communists right lmao… republicans stand for capitalism for a reason. to abolish wealth, to abolish private property [factories, etc.], to submit to the whim of the proletariat? they’d rather fucking die.
no wonder people think @piersmorgan is a good journalist, he doesn't listen to anyone so he can make up whatever entertaining story he wants to make up in order to garner attention. incredible talent piers! great job
https://t.co/MaSkT073ZN
poor people who are becoming increasingly poor, having strikingly less free time, get little sleep, health is deteriorating, life expectancy decreasing: yeah, i'm down with socialism	rich person who has none of those problems: i can't believe you'd betray me like this.
"haha, I just could never deal with people in customer service" says the person who refuses acknowledging people in customer service should earn more than 8 dollars an hour.
communist: i'm literally a communist	republican: what about your hero obama	communist: ... do you just not listen to the words that come out of my mouth or what
@macabremommy : )
garden of elon
@macabremommy i thought you were someone responding to one of my political posts and i was so confused
@macabremommy not allowed to hate yourself it's expressly forbidden
someone who took economics 101 and still believes anyone uses supply and demand curves: i'm tired of these communists not understanding economics
endlessly starting projects you never finish because you get caught up with another project you havent finished rip
just picture it, in 20 years people will be calling trump a sweet old man just like they did with bush junior.
fighting over trivial things is a human thing that we blame on children because we dont want to face our own sins
RT @Cracked_Egg_DB: @grapholect  https://t.co/iwsUxgZUPn
people of the world: hey, we kind of don’t like capitalism???	capitalist: uh.. fuck… fuck fuck.. fuck.. shit	capitalist: https://t.co/27YDFJ6iei
elon musk: *tweets literally anything*	me: https://t.co/PO0pL4q8GE
them: if the last primaries were rigged that just means we have to vote EVEN HARDER THIS TIME	me: ... do you know what rigging means	them: IT MEANS WE DIDN'T TRY HARD ENOUGH	me: ... no.
@LILBTHEBASEDGOD is so positive and helpful. it's so nice to see. i thought the posts on tumblr were all hyped up, but nahh that's just how it is.
nazi: we should silence literally every single jewish person, forever.	US government: thats fine, that's part of your freedom of speech	jewish person once: punch nazis	US government: we're putting you on a watch list, we can't have such dangerous ideology be spread. stop hate ✌
me: fuck elon musk		them: but elon musk is a good man who helps people sometimes when he fancies it		me: oh sorry, my apologies, i forgot to add		me: fuck elon musk		me: and also		me: https://t.co/wfPjYjIsV2
jeff bezos: you can't unionize amazon warehouses if we write you up for attempting to communicate with your coworkers
@rogowhiskey at least someone has good taste when it comes to brutalism...
these people aren’t children, these people aren’t innocent, these people don’t need their hands held, they need a fucking smack and to be goddamn ignored instead of endlessly humored, further allowing them to convince others that their misinformation is the truth.
the only difference is they don’t give a single living fuck about the pain and suffering caused by the holocaust.
these people have learned about the holocaust, these people have heard from holocaust survivers, these people have seen images of the holocaust, these people are grown fucking adults with similar knowledge on the holocaust to everyone else
they’re treating grown adult holocaust deniers who have been through a schooling system as if they’re children who simply don’t know better and need someone to hold their hand and guide them to the truth
executive dysfunction is always kicking my ass.
rich people pay percentage wise less in taxes, less in health costs, less in food costs, less in fucking everything ... doesn’t even make any goddamn sense.
the richer u get the less you have to pay for things
communist: that's personal property	capitalist: DON'T LET THEM DEFINE WORDS THEYRE USING TO YOU JUST BELIEVE ME THEY DON'T WANT ANYONE TO HAVE A TOOTHBRUSH THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE APPROPRIATION OF LABOR https://t.co/VB7Ih7Fn9L
communist: we must abolish private property, like factories, you know places the owner will take possession of anything created on its premises	capitalist: they're talking about your toothbrush don't let them take my––our private property
a system that so thoroughly rewards people for deception and cheating cannot in good faith claim it disapproves of these actions, 		when those who are truthful and honest in their actions are punished indefinitely for their lack of insight to cheat and lie.
it’s all luck, never think you’re better than someone just because you had to luck to focus on a skill or talent that is valued by our society.
like the fact that we fucking force people into meaningless jobs just to pretend they earned their capitalism points is childish and absurd especially when it can lessen or end their life....... https://t.co/J4bcR3K53X
hot take but ... if a person feels too disabled to work ... maybe ... they’re too disabled to work and you shouldn’t force them into it when we literally dont... need... more people working anyway.
@dontmars nOOOOOOOO
man who cheated using the help of russians: idk i think we should hear the russians out u kno... feel like they've got some good points
one time i went to walmart with my 22 year old brother to buy some apple cider and the register lady wouldn't sell it to me because my brother couldnt prove he was 22 so i just went to the tech section and bought it there.
@lottiesnips youre so nice!
so much of the discourse on public welfare hinge on the idea that it will make life easier on the capitalists, on the government, lmao like we're literally out here pleading for our lives
liberal voice: you know the world has so many problems right now	me: i'm listening	liberal voice: you know what we need to fix that?	me: what?	liberal voice: we need a younger and more beautiful female billionaire!	liberal voice: so lets make kylie that money!!!!!!!	me: smh
rich person with unlimited access to all the latest treatments for their disability: you know my disability didn't stop me from living because i just tried really hard!!!
https://t.co/5yTxMjy9YF
https://t.co/JoD6ENdigZ		they just keep on pushing and pushing to fuck over poor people as much as possible. this is literally the most fucked up shit tbh, because we already know that pushing abstinence does absolutely fucking nothing for birth prevention nor family planning.
social security offices, for generally being for disabled people sure arent accessible in the goddamn slightest.
the news: donald trumps net worth keeps falling :(		my friends and i: https://t.co/shAzh4Iwhd
i dont give a fuck what drug they did no one deserves to go to jail for doing drugs. no one.
corporation: whelp this foods not legally allowed to be sold anymore, guess i’m tossing it into the trash		corporation: but first i gotta pour bleach all over this food i cannot legally use anyway		me: how is that efficient or helpful in anyway????		corporation: https://t.co/cPWA3ASOVn
billionaires endlessly beg for money online, in the streets, everywhere all for fucking nothing all to pile on top of the massive amounts of wealth they already possess. yet yall wanna harass some poor person asking for 10 bucks to eat some food.
me: hey, i need this medication to survive	the united states: i dont care, your medical state is none of our concern	the united states: try committing a crime, and then maybe we'll help you after we extract all the labor out of you we can.
denying anyone a single shot can be the difference between life and death
make no mistake, denying people healthcare as children doesn’t only kill children, it also shortens their lives, or makes them very difficult to handle. 		it's a lifelong endeavor.
@swampbruja even with a coupon, which there isn't one, it would still be far out of my price range ... you can't really fuck around with $1030 no matter how you cut it.
hahahahahah... so i'm definitely going off my meds until I get insurance here in arizona it's $1030 for 30 pills... give me a break
the UK through laughter: lets legalize medical marijuana	the UK wiping away a tear from laughter: but lets make it so egregiously expensive that disabled people will absolutely never be able to afford to use it lol	disabled people of the UK: i can’t afford to get this	the UK: https://t.co/en23Geynju
shout out to the woodchucks that fucked up paul ryans suv
donald trump straight up admitting they're totally going to repeal roe v. wade https://t.co/MaTdhPTdLl
everyone in politics: oh shit, if donald trump did this it would completely DESTROY his presidency		donald trump: does exactly that		everyone in politics: okay, shit okay where are the consequences
donald trump relaxing FDA and asbestos standards: I WILL DO EVERYTHING IN MY POWER TO GIVE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NOT ONLY SALMONELLA BUT ALSO CANCER.
the continued production and use of asbestos, and the continued aid of its current and future existence is manufactured and calculated murder on the part of the the capitalists and government working together
man first to be offended by the mere mention of social studies: i make fun of everyone
alexa this is so sad, play kill me instantly
elon musk fans are exactly like rick and morty fans. in fact i'd say the two coincide.
them: the cops are objective. the cops simply comply with orders given to them by the authority of the state. either you break a law and face the consequences or you do not break a law and thereby have no consequences to face  it’s called objectivity, look it up.		cops: https://t.co/elaAqnM5X2
capitalist immediately after destroying the planet: you know, I think space is the only place i can see myself in the future
at what point is it still in your best interest to destroy the planet?
@allegedlymander FOOT LOOSE
them: elon musk has no reason to mislead folks hes our friend a friend of the people. he would never succumb to the deviance of political spectacle	elon musk: https://t.co/EViMk2OGYm
@cmdwiz you got a twitter!!!! yey
the democrats are no less nationalistic than the republicans, remember that
elon musk: isnt it funny that we only call people billionaires once they become billionaires???
he had that big incel energy
@Lapis_ascending listen he had some good things to say sometimes
them: theres no nepotism in the white house		the white house: https://t.co/5epl4q2hwI
@peakcapitolism is this some furry thing... instincts...
@peakcapitolism i didnt know that and im mad you told me
them: the cops of the usa protect people		me: what do they protect people from		them: him … https://t.co/TpV4eQQOqC
everyone watching the world go up in flames: check out this anime meme
ya ever read part of something, already know they're wrong, and stop them right there, and other people are like "wait you didn't let them finish" so you go back and finish reading what they wrote and realized you were even more right about them fucking sucking than before
boruto has better writing than naruto, which should make sense because it's building off of preexisting lore, whereas naruto had to create that lore.
OH AND NEED I REMIND YOU HE DID THIS WITHOUT THE FOX’S CHAKRA https://t.co/iSAsedbpMM
@ElPloddo i have the power of facts on my side HAHAHSAHDHASDHASBJDASHBCJASB  sajcnaskjncakjsvnbwkjenbvoiwebovbewoivbwevoewnciweoncoewmcewcew 💅 https://t.co/9cY8fcGPXS
@ElPloddo @michaelb4jordan  https://t.co/J9T3RWbrUe
the shadow cloning technique is a jonin level jutsu that naruto could perform as a child better than anyone else in the world, okay, so he was never weak yall are just mean. https://t.co/8r0OxqNSUj
@ElPloddo @michaelb4jordan HMMMPH https://t.co/lqMNopvroj
@ElPloddo @michaelb4jordan watches naruto so it's extremely valid and thats all you need to know
me on tumblr: anyway unfollow me because i'm about to naruto on main
everyone in naruto after they watch him exhibit godlike powers: haha, wow cool, anyway, whats going on with sasuke
@ren_bacchus in the very beginning he literally exhibits GODLIKE POWER with the sheer amount of /shadow clones/ he makes NOT CLONES, but shadow clones, which again is something not even any of the hokages could have done. and they just look at this and they're like "wow neat, anyway"
@ren_bacchus like how are you suppose to appreciate just how wild they are when ALL YOU EVER SEE IS THE VERY BEST. like at least in boruto they show that no.. literally no one can make clones like naruto and ANOTHER PROBLEM I HAVE WITH NARUTO IS THE FACT THAT
@ren_bacchus they didn't play it up at all and tbh i think it's because the writing was bad in naruto lmao, and IMO THEY PLAY UP THE FACT that sasuke and naruto just aren't human [basically] in boruto much better like in naruto all you see is god-like ninja and you never get a feel for norms
how. https://t.co/A9RJGY8EwT
its really not played up how godly narutos shadow cloning is until boruto. like. you really dont understand just how crazy that shit is until you see that literally no one else can do that
try hard, believe in yourself, be a nationalist, and from a line of people already destined to be hokage. https://t.co/gFy7Ectj2M
snapchat filters are wild https://t.co/AUHhXFzwJY
how u gonna call yourself pro-life when you’re anti-women? 🤔
@lottiesnips no sorries!!
if the name of the news site is something like “opposing views” or “unpopular opinions” you can guarantee they uphold the status quo and have absolutely nothing remotely interesting to say 💅
why does everyone tryn polarize stem and the arts when they both coincide so frequently it is impossible to draw any clear divide between what is and is not.
toddlers are being forced to represent themselves in immigration courts and detroit ruled students there arent legally obligated access to literacy. if you think this is a great country youre an asshole.
put the red back in redneck
@lottiesnips ??????? what
@JerryRBoyd @notdavidbrooks @courtneyact then perhaps we should change it so healthcare is a right now that you've acknowledged it's not infallible. great. glad we agree.
@JerryRBoyd but you support a constitution that justifies and solidifies slavery. very interesting.
@JerryRBoyd @notdavidbrooks @courtneyact sounds like you need the safe space considering you're the only one typin angrily here. go read the constitution, maybe it'll calm you down remembering slavery use to be legal and women didnt use to be able to vote. a nice lil safe space for you
@JerryRBoyd then your opinion means nothing lmao. have fun voicing into the abyss.
@JerryRBoyd you say many but can you confidently say all?
@JerryRBoyd @YoMissusD you mean like the english did?
@JerryRBoyd you mean the thing that calls human beings 3/5ths of a person?
six billion people have been infected with scooby doo
republicans really are out here acting like words have no meaning whatsoever 	i mean i guess when u stand for nothing unless it benefits u personally u start to believe everything else stands for nothing unless it benefits u personally
why should teenagers be paid less than adults for the same work same quality? 🤔
Article IV, Section 2 of the Constitution prohibited free states from protecting slaves under state law ... so are u saying not being a slave is not a right bcuz the constitution says so? just curious xoxox https://t.co/XtbbuOXQls
Article I, Section 9, Clause 1 of the original Constitution prohibited Congress from passing laws that banned slavery until the year 1808, is this really the hill u wanna die on? just curious xoxo https://t.co/XtbbuOXQls
hey @JerryRBoyd what will you do when the police take away your guns? will you still be a patriot? just curious xoxo
dont fucking claim to love democracy when you overwhelmingly love ignoring what the american people wanted
what does this have to do with anything i just said?	1) american people didn't want it	2) consequences take time to be seen	3) it's a premature question	4) ask in a couple years.	5) THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DIDN'T WANT IT. https://t.co/qOjsicfSN9
you know i really expected people who love guns and fear the government's ability to take them away to be a whole lot less military and police loving considering .. who do you think will take them away?
now is a time more than ever where we need to stand up for each other, if the government refuses to help the people, then the people must help each other.
how many laws have to be enacted that cause nothing but pain and suffering to the world before we recognize that maybe laws shouldn’t define our moral compass?
u know those ppl whose voices	are so recognizable in music	that u hear a song	and youre like "NO THATS TOTALLY __" and u look	and it's a different band	but youre like	no.. thats  __	so you go to their wiki page	and surprise you were right	it was them before the known band
you cannot claim to be representative of the majority of the people when the majority of the people did not want you.
RT @YoMissusD: Justice Kennedy says he’s retiring because he wants to spend more time with his family.		Know who else would like to spend t…
@courtneyact all the work we've done for decades upon decades is about to be erased.
@tedlieu the american people worked overwhelmingly hard to fight the repeal of net neutrality, and it still failed, how do we expect to do the same thing with a smaller group when not even our president was elected via popular vote
who else’s last name will be erased from history because of this chain of events involving justice kennedy? 		how many more families are going to be destroyed “democratically”
great grandmother’s last name was wiped completely off this planet because of the holocaust, 		because of a man who was democratically elected, 		because of a political climate that allowed such horrific injustices
how can we possibly change the way the supreme court justices are chosen when even when we work together as a massive collective we still can't sway the allegedly representative government to side with the people?
people fought HARD for net neutrality and they still fucking repealed it, everyone was working together trying to stop that, that was a group effort by the american people, and it, thus far, has failed. put that into consideration when talking about the supreme court
how will you use the government process to take down the government? they say to let the american people choose the supreme court justices and do any of you truly believe that will be allotted?
the retirement of justice kennedy means what we all know and have known was going to happen ... is about to happen.
"blah blah blah ur fear mongering" fuckin am i tho? am i? look at whats going on CURRENTLY and then fuckin tell me that to my face.
probs means no more birth control no more abortions no more medicaid no more snap benefits no more marriage equality like how badly are they going to fuck us with this one, and thats just internally, like whatre they going to do outside of the usa.
retirement of this supreme court justice basically means we're absolutely going full fascism now.
@lottiesnips lol ty
shout out to you people who give random strangers compliments. yall are great.
being friends with all the previously gifted kids in college and them thinking i'm one of them bein all like "you know what I mean?" No, I do not know what you mean. They thought I was STUPID. until I was 16.
I'd have friends in college be like "oh don't you ever just feel the pressure of having to always be the successful kid you were in childhood" and I'm like lmaaaaooooo childhood me would look at current me as if I were a god.
see professors at my university, they thought i was smart as hell [some of them] and they'd be like "oh you musta been told you were gifted all your life" and i'm like "nah they thought i was stupid as bricks" and they'd be fucking floored.
they also thought i was stupid as shit when i come up to them not knowing which hand i wrote with because i just wrote with both equally and instead of being like "oh this bitch is ambi" they were like "you're stupid as hell what the fuuuck"
they also did this when i couldn't tell the difference between my colors, they didn't think "that kids colorblind" they thought "wow what a complete and total waste of stupid space" thanks kindergarten teacher
lmao i had to go to summer school in 2nd grade to learn how to read because i'm dyslexic and they never figured out i was dyslexic until i was out of college so they were just like "that kids just an idiot"
you know america i didnt think youd take so literally “you must pay for your crimes” to the extent where rich people just pay to do illegal shit and poor people work in labor camps thereby selling their labor for money to pay for said crimes.
if the difference between jail time and getting off scott free is just a better lawyer then thats not a fair legal system and we can never declare it just or objective.
rich dude: yes, allow me, an egregiously wealthy man, to tell you what is and isnt poverty: something I’ve neither witnessed nor experienced in real life
fire has one syllable. discuss.
tumblr voice: "actually calling woodie allen a piece of shit is ableist AND ageist, check your privilege."
i LOVE getting in pissing contests with people over the cold, because i will say 70 degrees is cold and they'll give me some story about how once it was 25 degrees where they live and that i don't know the cold, bitch i live in michigan i've seen regularly -35f. dont fuck with me
@lottiesnips oh nbd!!!!
it’s pretty fucking sickening that old men try to justify their attraction to 20 year old women as “20 year olds just objectively being the most attractive age” or some shit when bitchhh i look at a 20 year old boy at my age and see a fucking toddler in a tiara.
walking the line between keeping calm and knowing whats going on in the world is impossible.
I like being really nice to the customer service chat people, because people gotta be angry with them all day I'm assuming, especially with student loan things. It ain't their fault.
disabled person: *laughs once*		the us government: OH SO YOU'RE NOT DISABLED ANYMORE BECAUSE YOU'RE FINDING SOMETHING FUNNY, WE'RE DEFINITELY GOING TO BE CONSIDERING THIS WHEN YOUR SSI IS BEING REVIEWED.
idk, i just can't get behind calling "innocence" a "spook" when you can very clearly define its meaning to be something like, "did not eat that fucking cookie" or "did not murder that man" like... how you gonna call it a spook when it's literally a clearly defined term
big words for trump to be shaming others for murder when US policies he upholds and enacts kill more than an individual could ever dream of. 		💅 next.
no no no you see i have straight characters in my book, look here, the main villain is straight. : ) it's called representation, look it up straighties.
people ask me if i hate being short, and like listen... being short means most people see me at a good angle, and i can always swaddle myself in blankets, it's great.
i dont buy into the whole "if you do what you love youll never work a day in your life" thing. forcing my ability to do my favorite shit for monetary gain really kinda defeats the point of it being my favorite thing.
@nhtran_ omg, an honor to be of your favorite bloggers ahhh!
when you conflate being healthy with losing weight you create an atmosphere that can trigger an eating disorder, i'm just saying.
hot take, put aesthetics aside and draw more characters with acne, or ... let actors/actresses, if they wish .. display their acne. I think a lot of people truly believe everyone has perfect skin, and it's just not the case.
my phones spell check sucks. it's never telling me i spelled words wrong. it'll actually highlight words that are spelled correctly and ask me if i want to correct them to the wrong spelling
funny how the most frequent tax evaders in politics are the ones to scream first about immigrants allegedly not paying taxes.
rich people are all anti-taxation until the topic of immigration comes up
writing non-fiction is much easier for me when it comes to criticism because theres always a defense grounded in reality		fiction though? someone can just be like "your made up world sucks and is boring" theres no defense against that. you just have to accept it.
the science men say i dont need high spf sunscreen, the science men dont know my plight, i need high spf sunscreen, a floppy hat, shade, and shades 😎		i stand by this statement.
good charlotte was onto something with their song lifestyles of the rich &amp; famous 	🔍👀	🤔
the world is in a sorry state when people conflate communist ideology with the belief that minimum wage should be higher
everything i've ever accomplished was done out of pure anger and disgust.
@macabremommy their arguments are so bad it would just take up too much time to address their spelling 😔
listen, i aint gonna make fun of their spelling when their argument is whats bad
they say you shouldn't break up with someone or stop being friends with someone over "politics" because they don't want to us the words "genocide advocation" 💅
people genuinely would rather spend more money taking children away from their parents than conceding that capitalism fails the people and housing the homeless and poor as they ought to.
person about to tell me their bland and common opinion upheld largely by the status quo: unpopular opinion but...
horrible regardless, however they claim deporting people is some how saving the usa money but honestly those people being deported paid taxes, be it sales tax, or whatever else how much money is it truly costing us with this vicious racism. its just not economical nor ethical.
@f4rfields : (
people will pay $200 to stay a single night in a hotel and still refer to their taking of complimentary soaps as “stealing”
at the grand canyon https://t.co/ZUBXEZEksn
rick astley is the real mvp. said he wasnt gonna let us down now singing about shooting the rich with a crossbow.
@mirabeau42 thank you!!!
minneapolis picture. to prove ive been here. https://t.co/6C6vWOM51X
The united states has a higher poverty rate than mexico https://t.co/7amgKX8UK7
How can we look at these numbers and even fathom trickle down economics being anything more than a fucking joke
california has 124 billionaires living within its borders, for scale, the usa has the most billionaires in the world at 585, China #2 at 476, and India #3 with 131, and then California comes in 4th in the world, but still has the highest poverty rating in the usa
thats an economy bigger than the UK, France, India, Italy, etc.
The geographically controlled supplemental poverty measures show california has the highest poverty rate in the usa–notable because california also has the highest gdp in the usa. The UN shows it would have the 5th largest economy in the world by itself.
@megaminxwin thats who i'm talking about! haha.
god i wish politics were boring to me ... cause right now they're just anxiety machines like "who is trying to kill me or ruin my life today"
i got carded for going to a pg 13 movie .... i'm 25 in four days
@lottiesnips oHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
me, an idiot: hey maybe we should have extremely rigorous regulations to protect people from dying		donald trump, super big brained: lets have less regulations and deplete all rigor to protect people from living.
why does the swat team wear masks... if they aren't ashamed of what they're doing what do they have to hide??? 🤔🤔🤔🤔 truly confusing
@Lapis_ascending  https://t.co/mVLCRq6QAi
bad marketing idea #1: warrior mare, the my little pony version of warrior male.
me on youtube: oh boy lets watch someone refine uranium		us government: 🔍👀		me: NO NOT LIKE THAT. CAN'T I JUST HAVE A GOOD TIME IN PEACE????
because she set me up for such a fucking devastating blow that i'm just sitting here like "oh thank fuck, everyone is alive" and she was shocked that i wasn't like angry and i'm like mom ... you basically prepared me for a funeral not the death of an ipod (3/3)
get to my best friends house after school my mom calls me like someone was dying, and i'm like holy shit whats going on she's like "i have some horrible news idk if you're ready to hear" and i'm thinking holy shit is someone dead. and she's like "i washed your ipod" (2/3)
when i was a child my most prized possession was an ipod i got as a gift that no one in my house could ever possibly afford and one day i accidentally left it in my shorts before i went to school right? didn't think much of it (1/3)
officer: these boots were made for licking
i guess i'll put real pants on that people walk around in public with and head to the store like an adult ... begrudgingly
@maltyhops @MICHAELfilm94 absolutely incredible.
make a post about corporations unwilling to pay to manage full automation of labor, and everyone comments with how all their workplaces have horrible tech maintenance. im just sayin i can pretty easily rest my case.
@worldbankhater  https://t.co/MVUyOByxBz
@sqiouyilu it wants to keep your language clean.
@Alysonesque @fucksettlerism debate was the first time i ever academically encountered leftist ideology in any capacity.
no legitimately, it's jarring how different twitter is from tumblr and I genuinely think twitter is better.
which isnt to glorify mental illness, if i could cure it, that'd be cool, but like as someone with a currently incurable mental illness like it's not really an option so i gotta work with what i got
I just came to the conclusion that I like myself lol. and I think other people could maybe benefit from hearing that they didn't destroy themselves by being mentally ill, but have created themselves in the process of it all. https://t.co/OdfFkMxtOC
if meds could ease it more than they already do, that'd be fantastic tho.
i use to wish i wasn't mentally ill, thinking it would make life better, but to be honest I think it's integral to how I view the world, and colors everything I do and I don't think I'm willing to give that up for a history of a more energetic me. I like who I am.
bot: *says some bot stuff*		me: I'm responding because I wouldn't want to be rude to the bot 😔
@xchinmay hopefully!!!!!
@xchinmay well technology isn't a monolith, and not all aspects of it are profitable, ergo not all types of technology are invested in. 		i mean it would be ideal to automate a lot of things, but it's just too expensive currently, and isn't looking like it'll be feasible soon.
the threat of automation is nothing but a scare tactic meant to stop workers from fighting for a livable wage because the capitalists want to squeeze every penny out of the working class. https://t.co/dNdWjCGK8Q
even when you pay minimum wage workers a livable wage they're still cheaper than automating their jobs lmao.
technology necessarily needs capitalists to pay the exact cost of its worth, less it no longer be functional. 		capitalists know human workers do not need to be paid their full worth to be productive.		hence the threat of automation being all pointless posturing.
RT @jazzcuzzii: @grapholect I was thinking this the other day like they don't even provide workers with healthcare most of the time and for…
replacing workers with robots has not yet been done by capitalists because it would require them actually paying to keep said robots operational, 		anyone who has been to a mcdonalds without a functional ice cream machine knows this. 		they dont pay to keep workers operational.
i know twitter has mass follow features which i wanna use, but im also ignorant and bad at everything
gaara: teaches his son everything he knows	shinki [gaaras son]: strong as hell	naruto: fucking ignores boruto	boruto: *cheats*	naruto: hmm... i wonder why my son had to cheat to win
me after i get my license: finally time to go to the synagogue and learn enough to convert!
them: whats your opinion on this hot discourse		me, a know nothing: listen, idk where u got the idea that my opinions mattered but, i dont know shitfuck about what youre talking about. why don't you tell me YOUR opinion
i think it should be more socially acceptable to admit you dont know something i get it's hard to know when you don't know something but like in the cases you do know you're ignorant about the topic it's important to make that known it's okay to be wrong im wrong all the time lol
them: it's human nature for women to be weak and fragile	reality: https://t.co/w7AZ80OEsU
@RosaLuxembae this is what i was talking about https://t.co/jWkCuhs9dZ
@WittyEscalator 😢
@WittyEscalator 😔😔 yes
that feel when ur GF is cursed
"People Who boast about their IQ are losers" https://t.co/LNawfaOPDJ via @YouTube
the people with countries in possession of nukes don't even know their own damn country has nukes
germany does have nukes ? part of the us nuclear sharing program... yall didn't know this? https://t.co/FWWLhOd2nl
@LuciusVenator @maltyhops  https://t.co/mD6UFcBXIX
@LuciusVenator @maltyhops easier to get rid of ergo easier to put pressure on them to get rid of it, no? afterall we do truly care about denuclearization dont we? (:
@maltyhops hmmmm .. Yeahhhh just reaaalllyyy cant figure that one out 🤨🤨🤔🤔
@maltyhops no ones really calling for the us to denuclearize tho 🤔 or france... or the uk... or germany... or italy ... or the netherlands ... rly makes me think
@Alysonesque its human nature to uhhhhh *spins wheel* feed children antifreeze.
@snarthurt you have tumblr again?
@maltyhops tomato gravy makes libs angry
you don't get this level of vitamin D deficiency by going outside.
i'm going to be real honest i thought this was calling the hurricane straight, as in heterosexual. https://t.co/3hhOmH2yDd
my friends just introduced me to @MBMBaM and my eyes have been opened and can finally see what true art is
the economist: this hypothetical bullshit i made up that posits money as be all and end all means selfish rich people are the wokest people on earth. the more money you have the more woker you are.
why not let dogs vote for the president, it's not like the united states values the publics opinion anyway, as been proven by the popular vote constantly getting ignored.
https://t.co/9VBHmYIAsa
@jazzcuzzii hell yeah
future employer looking at this tweet: you claim here you know nothing, and never will know anything		me, trying to save face: i'm connecting with the youth, it's a marketing tactic.		future employer: ah i see		me internally sighing: they bought it https://t.co/ffXW4o7Ckf
someone: *asks me for my opinion on tumblr*		me, wiping sweat from my brow: oh boy, i really should explain to people that i don't know anything, have never known anything, and never will know anything
now i'm not an artist and i can't draw, but yall better get ready for my bad comics coming at u live in a couple days
woman: *makes a post about abusive women, and how it's wrong*		some dude in the comments: yeah but you're never going to hear a single woman talk about this
watch me heely away from you in the local walmart after i own you with a sick comeback in a heated argument.
eat wasp meat in front of their nests to assert your dominance
brave 49-year-old man steps out of his porsche to defend president donald trump against teenagers saying their president is the kool-aid man.
someone: minorly inconveniences me two seconds ago		me: i haven't been able to sleep for months after you betrayed me the way you did
no, no, no, no. you see. flag burning is only legal if the cops decide to abide by the laws.
okay, listen to this one, the best and hottest way to shitpost efficiently and really connect with the teens is just quote the bible every single time I lay my requests before you and wait expectantly.
brighten up any meal with dill pickles and not the other flavors because theyre atrocities meant to spit in the face of god
the reason why i'm pro-bug eating and farming in the usa? because i fucking hate bugs and i want them to know that i want them to know theyre being farmed for my consumption.
them: capitalism inspires innovation and technological advancement!!		capitalism: https://t.co/8AkdwcH5E7
some dude: uhg, it's so childish that women wont date someone just because they have a different political view		me: just admit you wish women would fuck you despite you hating them and move on.
i just dont see the appeal of eating gold on your food. are yall too rich to be seen eating something properly seasoned?
anyway shoutout to all the maids, janitors, and trash collectors, yall keep society intact. without you we literally wouldn't be able to function.
now with all these teachers getting paid more after striking it's no wonder the media refused to widely broadcast the teachers union strikes.
gamer: did you play this game as a kid		me: no		gamer: i must be way older than u		me: actually i was just poor
republican: GUNS ARE A HUMAN RIGHT	me: oh so u support historic time when the black panthers armed themselves?	republican: uh.....GUNS ARE ONLY A HUMAN RIGHT IF THE POLICE SAY IT'S OKAY FOR IT TO BE A HUMAN RIGHT
yeah u can say poor people using 100 bucks a month to buy rice and canned vegetables are the biggest drain on the government while ignoring the fact that billionaires rely on this so they don't have to pay their workers enough to survive ergo making them entirely responsible.
theyre out here like "if any other president did what trump did they wouldn't have been elected" like, okay i guess we're larping as people who aint never had a history class.
it wasn't about a fucking cake, it was about turning away marginalized people. No one gives a shit about a gay cake, what we do give a shit about is having our fucking rights protected instead of treating businesses as more human than actual humans.
u can't exactly say the left is an echo chamber when we can't even agree on what simple words mean.
imagine thinking social justice warriors are an actual thing with legitimate material power that structurally get things done lmao.
you can't say someone is virtue signaling without you yourself virtue signaling that you think virtue signaling is bad. lmaoo
now im not no mathematical expert but someone explain me up how a poor person making 5k a year is suppose to save up to be a millionaire, the numbers just dont add up. almost like saving money doesn't make you rich when you ain't making shit for cash anyway.
poor person crowdfunds for life saving medical help, and they're scamming people, elon musk crowdfunds for a fucking couch and he's just a brilliant man using the internet to its full power. absolutely incredible.
Your prim and proper ways CANNOT contain the SPICE of life. I will wear these heely's in 2018, and I WILL wear them as a 25 year old.
theres a grimes for every incel out there. believe it.
person who fights vigorously for their right to hit their children for misbehaving not sure how they feel about hurting a nazi. 🤔
me when my friends unlock a high trust level in our friendship: did i tell you about my neopets cult
sjws dont want you to know that thanos was a gamer, because they're endlessly erasing gamer representation from media
them: and we've shown people who eat this expensive food are healthier than people who don't	me: did you control for class or did you just show that rich people are healthier than poor people	them: *nervously shuffles out of the room*
OP said the fuck word in june 5th 2005, so I don't see how we can take any point they say seriously without bringing up their dark past.
cursed liberal discourse: bernie sanders is a socialist
oh you don't like gay people being too gay around you ?? maybe go back to your safe space sweaty, this is the real world.
homelessness is a failure of our economic system not of the homeless.
pulling a gun on a person because you think they stole 50 cents is honestly you just straight up saying you value 50 cents more than a human life.
jeff bezos can piss 9 billion dollars, meanwhile i can't get yogurt to eat, ain't that just the way
me on tumblr: asbestos can kill you	tumblr: ????????/ but i've been eating asbestos for years
the catholic church artificially inflates the scarcity of holy water, for they can bless an entire aquifer, but refuse to, for they do not care about the banishment of demons but the power they hold by maintaining a monopoly on holy water
many women found benedict cumberbatch so attractive they even referred to themselves as cumberbitches. 		when are incels going to realize it’s not that they’re ugly that people dislike them, it’s that their personalities are abhorrent
there are mentally ill girls endlessly ridiculed and bullied and i'm not seeing them dominate the mass shootings stats.
you literally can’t get the wealth concentration we see in the usa without sucking other countries dry of resources and power.
snape is a greasy incel so jot that down
so, me, someone who has won state recognized awards/trophies/medals for speech and debate ...has to take a speech class with a bunch of 18 year olds who will no doubt have terrible opinions, i am going to use this entire experience to deadpan shitposts They will think i'm serious
some dude: uhg, it's so childish that women wont date someone just because they have a different political view	me: just admit you wish women would fuck you despite you hating them and move on.
hot take, zuckerberg has terf bangs
them: so what are we listening to on this car trip what genre?	me: alright, we've got this classic folk fingerstyle guitar piece, and then I Don't Fuck With You by Big Sean and E-40	them: uhh	me: and then some smooth jazz, and then some death metal. I like to be cohesive.
united states voice: hELPING THE POOR???? what do you think this is!?!? we're a civilized country. we let our people die from curable illnesses.
short hair is lesbian culture.	so is long hair. 	the lesbians actually own everything.	so jot that down.
me: this thing is for the gays only	straight dude who doesnt like said thing who calls everything he doesn't like gay: absolutely incredible the oppression i face is never ending.
me when i first joined tumblr: haha i dont know what feminism is i'll just follow all these random feminist bloggers	me: what's a radfem	me: hey ... u guys no that's wrong	me: hey..... u must be accidentally mistaken	me: oh no.
me listening to pop punk in 2018: okay, i know it's misogynistic, i know. i know it's dated. i know it's not even that good. but the 13 year old in me still says it slaps.
them: at least the supreme court will protect the people from the injustices of the us government and the police	supreme court: https://t.co/wqUafdzl2l
california: homeless people ??? impacted negatively by capitalism??? destitute because of private property laws?? and lack of currency???	california: yep sounds mentally ill throw em in the hospital im so progressive
woman: son can u please do the dishes for me	son: i'm sick of this fucking labor camp you tankie
it cannot be overstate that every single point people make about the evils of communism have already happen under capitalism. try me
capitalist standing over the hundreds of millions of corpses of people who have died of starvation in a world with enough food to overfeed the entire population: aren't you guys glad we aren't communist and starving lol
usa voice: we love democracy in other countries unless we disagree with who was democratically voted in.
it's april 2nd, jeff bezos walks into my home:	jeff: "capitalism was an elaborate prank"	me: "you mean i'm not really being evicted? you mean all those people didn't really die" 	jeff: "no you are and they did but it's just a prank bro."	i perish instantly
interacting with people on twitter coming from tumblr is so fucking wild. cause on tumblr it's like, oh big slime reblogging my post from his truck in a lake. and then on twitter it's like "hello yes i'm a real lawyer and i did my dissertation on this post youre making"
them: i just want to prevent mass shootings, i want to prevent death, thats why i want a larger police presence in the usa	the police: https://t.co/h7jQckieqk
people with a criminal record should be allowed to vote. prisoners should be allowed to vote. people on probation should be allowed to vote.
anyone who thinks rap is the most misogynistic genre of music is not only racist but has clearly never listened to the beatles.
those atheists, u know the ones, out here acting like theyre more oppressed than jewish people. them atheists got a pretty big victim complex for people that ain't never had a systematic war intending on their absolute destruction against them.
i hate the government as much as the next guy, but come fucking on. it’s easier to kill people via capitalism and illness than fucking whatever you think a chem trail is.
you could tell me anyone invented something edison is credited with inventing and i'd absolutely believe you
to the tune of mister sandman: bpd man, bring me a dream, dun dun dun, make it the worst that i've ever seen
everyone on tumblr thinks im a dude and i know its because im hilarious and no one thinks girls are funny.
usa voice: my hands are too full where will i put all these weapons of mass destruction? 😟
GOP: it's not like people can die from having fucked up teeth so why do we need to provide poor people with dental care?	dentist: uh actually...	GOP: get dunked on loser.
as soon as donald trump became president every other billionaire was like "maybe instead of ruling from the shadows i should become an overt ruler, might be good for my brand"
straight dude: ur looking gay as hell today	me: wow, you really think so? i was trying but you know sometimes i don't succeed enough	straight dude: wait i'm trying to insult you	me: i can't believe i'm fashionable and beautiful today.
like this tweet if ur connected to the moon in strange and mysterious ways unknown to humankind at this time
liberal voice: i dont hate mentally ill people i just think theyre all gun slinging mass murderers who need to be stepped on by the boot of the law as soon as possible
become a russian psyop, everyones doing it
you can't claim you want less guns in the school and then also say you want an increased police presence in the school. as if the police don't have guns ...
criticism of a movement that calls for an increased police presence and the criminalization of mental illness is not an attack on the children who started the #walkforourlives movement but an attack at the cultural scapegoats evident in the associated politics
just because another parent might treat your child worse doesn't mean you should treat your child like shit and use these worse parents as an excuse for your poor behavior.
them: a good guy with a gun doesn't stop a bad guy with a gun	me: so do u support the disarmament of the police?	them: what no what are you crazy????	me: https://t.co/OPqxOwCYar
democrats: we know mentally ill people are most likely to be harmed by abuse, but consider the following	democrats: we need a scapegoat to rally the people.
one time after i got my kidney stones removed and was on a lot of legal drugs to ease the pain from it i was so high i listened to hallelujah by leonard cohen for 4 hours because after every listen i was like "but did i really appreciate it enough that time?"
some random gay person: are they normal or straight	straight people: I HAVE BEEN OPPRESSED FOR THE LAST TIME HEATHENS.
as a child @sm0keplanet was industrious, finding out which friends liked which characters of tv shows so they could blackmail them into paying for fanart they drew of said friend kissing said character.
shout out to @sm0keplanet for being the kid that failed 6th grade art but now makes more money with their art than the 6th grade art teacher who failed them
school anti-bullying campaigns are ineffective because they never address any of the reasons WHY kids are bullying, they just say it's mean and bad. They don't acknowledge structural issues at play.