HUMAN PHYSIOLOGY  https://t.co/sfhDjft0QF
New for Pakistan for US https://t.co/SVaHgMYcR0
THE  BARRAGE OF GLACIERS https://t.co/RxGv3jrtFf
Who makes the Kashmir Psychosomatic? https://t.co/i6GPdgEOiD
In India one cannot express his views, especially person belonging to minority. The recently views expressed by  bollywood actor nasir-u- din shah, were made a huge issue by sudo-secular Indians &amp; majority of  persons labeled him as traitor, which is shameful act.
Person in power is always detestation by public &amp;it is a history, reputed again and again
Now if we again started looking at past nothing will change, despite of single positive opportunity we can change the entire life of our women living in India &amp; Pakistan. Opportunities are not grantee but opportunity, are to make dire into success. So ?
heavens door https://t.co/SDbyxZgDQR
Will religion perish the India  https://t.co/2itwraz1od
Changing earth a divine truth https://t.co/uPLFZ18WBd
Now if we again started looking at past nothing will change, despite of single positive opportunity we can change the entire life of our nationalities living in India &amp; Pakistan. Opportunities are not grantee but opportunity to make dire into good. So ?
Now if we again started looking at past nothing will change, despite of single positive opportunity we can change the entire life of our nationalities living in India &amp; Pakistan. Opportunities are not grantee but opportunity to make dire into good. So ?
# # #peace 	Now if we again started looking at past nothing will change, despite of single positive opportunity we can change the entire life of our nationalities living in India &amp; Pakistan. Opportunities are not grantee but opportunity to make dire into good. So ?
The time has reached when Indian farmers should not be educated only about farming but also about marketing. If such efforts are taken at war footing, this way will help farmers to uplift their living standard &amp; help them in becoming well off, which will help in reducing suicides
If did not India did not reacted to religious intolerance&amp; regional intolerance then time is not far which will lead to create another Talibani state around us If we take eg of Kashmir we always see protests and stone pelting the reason is clear they are stressed tense &amp;agitated
psychosomatic stress in Kashmir https://t.co/8fHugOZVUE
Dying Democracy in India just for the sake of power &amp; hindutiv
@asmashirazi sooner or later Punjab will unite
@SaraCarterDC Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@taraturk1 Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@LuisCarrilhoPC Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@foxnewsradio Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@RyanAFournier Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@BreitbartNews Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@antonioguterres Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@AshleyRParker Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@MorningsMaria Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@asmashirazi Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@RabiaAnumm Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@business Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@DrDrnavjotsidhu Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@BillClinton Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@melindagates Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@BarackObama Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@NYDailyNews Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@FoxNews Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
@ReutersIndia Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
Terrorist are grown in Pakistan and nourished by Indian media
dear sir,	this is my second car purchased from Maruti India, but i going to gift it you back as i felt that service by you people is not good, so please take your car back and free me from such problum
@LuisCarrilhoPC Peace without women is impossible, those who want to attain peace and progress at the cost of women are fools, Kashmir is highly tense zone and women are subjected to all kind of atrocities either by forces or by rebellious. In Kashmir there had been numerous rape
abductions etc and still no one is penalized or punished, since the start of militancy, upon that they administration want to attain peace.
Peace without women is impossible, those who want to attain peace and progress at the cost of women are fools, Kashmir is highly tense zone and women are subjected to all kind of atrocities either by forces or by rebellious. In Kashmir there had been numerous rapes, killings,
Great leaders achieve great freedom, slyness leaders are conformed upon freedom.	Till date India has not achieved freedom, but our freedom is donated &amp; transfer by British Parliament as mark of charity. Even our judiciary is bound to refer to British laws till date.
#democracy 	Great leaders achieve great freedom, slyness leaders are conformed upon freedom.	Till date India has not achieved freedom, but our freedom is donated &amp; transfer by British Parliament as mark of charity. Even our judiciary is bound to refer to British laws.
Great leaders achieve great freedom, slyness leaders are conformed upon freedom.	Till date India has not achieved freedom, but our freedom is donated &amp; transfer by British Parliament as mark of charity. Even our judiciary is bound to refer to British laws.
BLACK &amp; WHITE https://t.co/amH8owkMnS
@LoomesGill hi matter of fact is that India no body knows that Autism is a problem,	 we are adding one more word in dictionary.  so if we talk about ts Diogenes it mean we have to start a new chapter
India is my nation and i am for India but politicians are making alien and terrorist for the game of power.
The biggest reason for uprising in Punjab and Kashmir is that the so-called democracy only existed in papers and is never put into practice &amp; whatever promises made by India were diluted &amp; forgotten.
@Davos Kashmiri Sikhs are victims of democracy, politics and judiciary
@cmackenzieou Mental harassment is common in Kashmir now, who so ever is in Valley either Muslim or Sikh are going through fair of psychosomatic stress, and most of people are unaware that they are having psychological stress, which most of time keep them agitated
British Queen the killers of Sikh Civilization	Radcliffe British lawyer just in 5 week make the whole Sikh religion suffered catastrophe by the hands of BRITISH EMPIRE. None other than British Empire, can be considered as murderer of whole Sikh Religion.
As in India 80% of the population is Hindu and remaining are from other religions, the venom of religion is so much inside their head that it encumber that they are not able to perceive truth &amp; statistics about the Kashmir as Kashmir is Muslim state with 98% Muslim in Kashmir.
@BBCGetIn Only Britishers&amp; British empire is totally responsible for slaughtering of Kashmiri Sikhs in Kashmir in which more than 30000 Sikhs were killed. but till date this community have no regret for this nor they constituted any inquiry of 1947 in Kashmir mass killings.
if such is happening with these celebrities  one should understand the world is now unsafe to live. the main reasons are growing impact of religion &amp; social media, what ever they project the community took as serious &amp; attack on their religion. https://t.co/EqeyqsawNl
The world economy is coming days will only depend upon the climate change, (laugh) but will be true, as in coming 50 year or more. All major business capitals of gargantuan economies are positioned at the sea situates which will most probably will perish or submerge.
pardeep singh 7006030866		@pardeep85386718	 12m12 minutes ago	More	earth blasts it true but heart breaking.		for this read my recent tweets
more intelligent and excellent adaptive to new change on earth, in which we might not be able to survive or flourish, as compared to, new evolution and that is always un-stoppable law of universe. 	Part 1 end.	Pardeep/7006030866
This change is natural phenomenon of mother earth, earth always go for big change after thousand years, either that change is in form of climatic variation, geographically, And above all the necular discharge either by us or by nature and  chic genetic evolution,
It is matter of pride for India that they conducted peaceful election in Kashmir despite of boycott. But matter of fact is that Kashmir Valley witnessed on 0.1% to 8% voting,   what we should call democratic election or democratic authoritarianism
@nytimes its a terrorist act, no one can deny it
@UNGeneva @UNPeacekeeping more concerned for iraqi, afghanies, africans &amp; others but its shame that microscopic minorty Kashmiri Sikhs are forgotten by so Called UN till date UN has never tried to get detail of their mass killing sine 1947shame shame shame	UN had never played any constrictive roles for us
@washingtonpost their way of thinking is different from the rest of world due to violence, they are used as rubber Tyre every one is using them and later through away.
where there is peace there is no police https://t.co/h61pSkOIx8
j&amp;K Highway 2015 https://t.co/s3tj95O2mj
https://t.co/bId45RNi4b
@nytimes new story on afghani in kashmir written by me is real story 	pardeep kala  Kashmir	7006030866
@WSJ the relation between afghani and kashmir	new real story by me	pardeep kala	7006030866
Todayeconomy is either controlby nations or by few wealthy people, this also control the politic of nationsas ballot vote is merely a holocaust, for world to know.They directly or indirectly controls the politics &amp; government and become the deity of that nation, without presence.
It even dominates religion and control the fortune of underprivileged nations, economic is the smart silent weapon. This has left no nation without its curse of its agony, if we look around the globe we will find that this weapon is used everyday, and its annihilation remains for
Today economic is used as weapon; this weapon is more strong and effective than any other available on earth,
Religion and &amp; economic are two sides of same coin, without religion there will be no humanity on entire earth and without economic there will be no development of mankind, anywhere.
humans are here, humanity is nowhere. 	humans are here, humanity is nowhere. 	humans are here, humanity is nowhere. 	humans are here, humanity is nowhere. 	humans are here, humanity is nowhere. 	humans are here, humanity is nowhere.
Indian Judiciary has always been under the influence of central government and does not follow the pure lines of reliance of Judiciary,Judge to slayer both are in formals in India.   Deity is arraigned but Devious is extols.  	Making India foil. Crisis here/no ear haa
The animal’s saver/ lover are loved and praised around the globe, but human saver/lover are behind the bars/ the ashes of dust in soil are around the globe.  From Jesus to now/past to present.
@AndyMcNib if Kashmir issue is not dealt urgently it will lead to nuclear war between india &amp; pakistan. this issue is more important than Israel&amp; Palestine. what is gong in Afghanistan war uncontrollable but if happened between these2ntions. they willbring world so its hightime
so Kashmir issue  is nothing but a necular war and no body thinks of this prospective\.	it clear indication that this issue will take toll if Indian Sub-continent and still taking
i am surprised that you people still live in dark age,full scale  war this time means end of Indian Sub Continent. 	who so ever win will also be still a  looser. as both are atomic power and ,Pakistan if loosing will not hesitate the use of necular weapons.
afghan in kashmir https://t.co/opUT8nws2o
Today’s judgment by Supreme court of India on Muslim, in clear indication that, they have done great injustice to Muslims of India. If Indian judiciary is right then there is no need for Church for Christen, Gurdwara for Sikhs, temple for Hindus.
afghan in kashmir https://t.co/opUT8nws2o